got greek food yday and it was so good i genuinely wanna order it again
thank you! ody is my favorite greek hero next to akireusuuuu
i actually bought the odyssey today lol when i tell you i love me some greek theology
naw i much love for greek riot dog too
oh! i love it! y know my mum named me after a greek god! demeter s perfect!
my big fat greek wedding is one of my favorite movies ever
a society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in - greek proverb
you got to try a cinnamon greek yogurt parfait with raisin bran sprinkled on top amazing
good choice very versatile i'd go feta if i was greek thou
nice greek rapper
sounds well nice i had chicken thighs corn on the cob and baked potato with greek salad it was so nice
so this greek god is today oh well happy birthday to my boyfriend then!!
the ones on odyssey are great too except well they re in greek
i love helena paparizou!!! do you speak greek my friend? i'm from greece
i've only had it greek good stuff
greekvideos we love greek music
be good for a greek restaurant
what was the greek one again? amazing footage of that good boy
if you are greek or apart of the divine and love anime this post is for you make some noise
i love greek myths! my favorite is the hyacinthius myth!
get him to greek is such a happy movie
timothee honey i love you but this looks like it s written in ancient greek xx
you need to watch through to at least the second to last greek god the god of hahahaha! npfk4 happy sunday
hahahha typical greek you love the lie look let me give you a good news
you never disappoint wow what an amazing surprise our great friends delivered gyros & greek salad for my birthday
oh what are greek potatoes sounds good x
ok so theres this one thing called caprese and its amazing its this greek brand and aaaaaa
spent the after cleaning up our neighborhood with my amazing greek sisters
nice drop liam fix is the original greek beer i like that when we i go out there what you having in spain ?
it s truly a great morning routine one worth of a greek god
amazing greek food tonight from
wow used to love the greek mythology so much but this book is telling me its not that cool
nice greek uncle
it's nice to see a respectful greek no matter who thanks
you can do a dna test you will be happy with the result you will be % greek
gotta love greek hackers
great greek craig rd parking lot busy
great call i always add greek yogurt but i ll try that next time around!!
great to see speaking greek great role model for all our pupils
a greek salad sounds so good
the squeaky greek has had a good run but it s time for real cheese to take charge /1267178978042929156
truly love greek salads
hey ummm i m greek and like could you adopt me ? (please don t kill me i actually love you)
fennel fronds are lush - can't do fish but it sounds like a good match and i'll look up the greek fritters thanks!
mine is pulgia (italy) not that many tourist has some greek charm with italy's great food great place
i love all types of food but greek food would be my last request meal!
very nice greek economy
greek yogurt with some fruit and milk is great for your body
nope greek nice try bambi ( what are we doing)
if you want good biblical data go to the greek hebrew and aramaic (not odle )
okay milos is in greece and amazing greek girls with curly hair are in greece lol
this has nothing to do with rhetoric but kronos is my favorite of the greek titans and this goya painting is the best
it's all greek to me happy wedding anniversary to the ball and chain x
and i love axid because they gave me the baddest/best greek fam!
love greek !
good thing i m a greek citizen!
nice greek hero
i love the people living in hampshire st they speak greek fluently
you re going to love watermelon salad with onions greek olives feta cheese and mint/basil
i would actually love to see art man and greek lantern
nice greek comment
agreed! i grew up with a love for mythology specifically greek you did everyone justice and then some
greek protestors love the camera
nice greek song
greek omelette for the parents cheese omelette for me with bacon and french toast good sunday morning breakfast
one greek great grandma has passed on so much* *body hair genes
i love greek women who love us but not men
its amazing how many theories are connected with dreams and how many greek myths lead to them
yea cause raping women is gonna show how good the greek community is?
i was it's of greek island i am sure enjoying my sundays watching the good old vacation days
nice greek person
a great greek visual from the labyrinth with the minotaur that people face when they receive a cancer diagnosis
nice i'd say i look pretry greek too
unique-hand made greek athens brass owl statue with nice stones
happy spanish- greek master el greco museum madrid
nice greek
nice greek video
my favorite book is actually the ysu greek life book - days
one of my co-workers is greek she makes her grandmothers recipe it s insanely amazing
i like salad my favorite right now is greek salad
) new testament is written in ancient greek not hebrew ) jesus elicitly says love your enemies in matthew and luke
greek origin erota means love cool fact
oh most of them has greek god/dess names nice
awesome! love greek /spartan style stuff! pantheon in lol <3
my favorite greek rapper hahaha greek goat /1267088905691639808
clue greek god of love
omo i'm wheezing can't wait to read it i love anything that has to do with greek myths
well it's really such a nice piece! on top of it gives me a greek /roman painting vibe so i love it even more
i love that the greek eression for how are you? translates literally as what are you making?
otd the st mtg of the greek interpreters of east lansing michigan happy birthday to all you interpreters !
i guess out of all the greek gods my least favorite would have to be herpes stay thirsty my friends!
frustration has been replaced with a dwindling matchbox makes the narrative is greek ; it has been frightfully good
i feel so happy that you this talented man we adore appreciate that great greek song thank you!!
i m gonna love listening to you trying to pronounce all these greek names kev!!
you love greek mythology din inang?? anong story po sa greek mythology favourite mo?
i can imagine! love to drizzle honey on top of my flat whites hot tea and greek yogurt toast and crumpets of course
nice greek youtube chanel
the thing i love about greek polytheism is that their gods are grounded in the lived reality of the world
i do really love a greek salad i wish i was back there
pecans on greek yogurt are a fucking amazing god tier topping
very good in greek not sure of spelling hope your well fella
much love as always to the greek orthodox flock sunday of the first ecumenical council via
neil diamond love at the greek recorded live at the greek theatre vinyl lp $6 71
yaas it's a great trend honestly there was only a lack of greek mythology so far so i had to make up for it
greek as i spend my holidays in cyprus and would love to be able to talk in greek to my friends
- and a special greek greeting for you! with love from
i just wanted to say i love u and big fat greek thanks for making scientists life bearable
i love this cartoon from greek news paper
oooh some good barbatos tea if its a greek myth mystery ma'am lwt me in the details
scubarob love presents years of greek drama at the theatre in syracuse see for more
good a friend wants to learn greek i'm taking it up to help her using such methods working
we should thank you for your love of the greek culture
greek mythology nerds rejoice the troy series is very very good
oh cool! love greek mythology and good choice with hades always the best hair ha
and with some greek mythology omg i love greek mythology don't do this
galimera is not hello in greek hello is yassou galimera is good morning
nice ancient greek helmet
the man with greek god looks & heart of gold ! we love you superstar !
nice tits greek
i wish italy and greek tourism to prosper our love to italian people our sorrow to fascist like you
i love my baby sister athena is so cute i'm teaching her about greek mythology when she's older~
nice greek joke
id love to participate!! always wanted to talk to people more knowledgeable in greek history than me ;w;!!!!!!!!
man its great that i have started learning greek so i know what this means
hell yes worldwide solidarity i love greek anarchists
i m pretty sure greek yogurt lasts forever just pick some up and have it around! it s also great as a marinade
yes!! me too i do greek yogurt w/ some honey and almonds really it s just as good as ice cream
jeez if you taste it u would love it its a greek kinda ice cream with crest fruits berries coconut like cocomoneek
idc bout the greek shit i just want a son lol would love a daughter too but imma make my son into a goat lol
greek myths pygmalion falls in love - under the influence!
year three my most favorite part superman vs greek gods damnnn
do i love my greek god friends? find out in the next episode of-
i love greek gods
the timid person loses many good things greek saying
so beautiful in blue but what else is new your body is so amazing you have the body of a greek goddess
love you my greek brother
i love nyx ( greek nyx not tdp nyx )
he looks like a greek god i love it sm
may ur positions be as good as this greek rotisserie meat $ spy $ djia
i love greek mythology
greek salad makes me happy salad in general
thanks! sounds good to me as i am one of those wanting to do classics/ancient history but i don t read latin or greek
good morning every one have a wonderful sunday greek beauty
greek potatoes would be good
constantinus the great ancestor of you greeks some greeks say greek for constantinus
i dated an older greek american gemtleman for awhile it was very good until it wasn't
my great grandfather fought in ww1 and literally every greek relative of mine has diabetes
goood because your really good at drawing draw me as a greek god for my pfp
was drinking this great greek beer and noticed that apparently it eired in
meat carrots burgers steak all the good shit with some strong greek wine as a finish
great now i can t get my usual classic greek gyros
i love this! i love ancient greek history what era/year is your book set in?
nice greek tweet
giordano's stuffed pizza is so good but ny/ne or greek style is where it's at
*disclaimer the handmade statues would be amazing people (like in the version of a greek god kind of thing )
yeah good point i'll ask modern greek speakers if they know anything
i had some this morning my favorite are made with greek yogurt
nice meme but in reality the greek airforce is humiliating the thk daily above the aegean buddy
one thing i fucking love doing is using greek statues are refs so yeah have me and borchiato
on my left forearm is the greek word agape all encompassing love i wish this could go around the world right now
in the greek it s a present passive participle being saved is a very accurate translation good job niv!