 i was watching this dumb ass horror comedy movie last night and this one dude had to get some keys off of a dead vampire so he stuck his
 RT GarryBoom: With a fucking PENCIL! JohnWickMovie
 I hate when people get up here and tell what happening on a TV show or Movie... Shut yo ass up 
 Marvel So its an iron man movie that shows some Spider-Man what a fucking terrible looking movie
 RT TL_CapSwan: I'm in heaven, bloody hell  colinodonoghue1 CarriePilby carriepilbymovie
 you know what. Prison Break would've ended satisfactorily and wouldn't need a 5th season if they didn't make the fucking stupid movie
 EastEnders bloody hell it's like watching that movie FinalDestination
 People are dumb af in these Jurassic Park movies! Just screaming knowing damn well not to because it attracts attention!!
 Narrrrrr Get Out has fucked my head, what an insane movie 
 RT Hardywolf359: War Movie Cliches: Number 7
 And these muthafuckas are stressing me out about what movie to see and where to eat! Fuckin annoying 
 omg the beauty and the beast is the worst movie i have seen this year that was so fucking boring
 RT pussology_: when u purposely pick a boring movie on Netflix so u can fuck &gt;&gt;
 zaynskapoor watch sadma omggggg that movie had me fucked up!
 ima get horror movie serial killer portraits all over my body so anthony gonna have 2 deal w/ being scared but also turned on when we fuck
 kid_lightnin_24 Right?!  I was like idc what you do but I ain't watching this shit! But London Has Fallen was that movie though!
 Just overheard this punchable statement at the Chattanooga Film Fest: "THE BABADOOK is a garbage movie for garbage people."
 Just got done watching a movie called "within" and this nigga was living in their attic &amp; was agoraphobia and murdered 2 entire families 
 joshgad Was the best part of Beauty and the Beast! So fucking funny! Loved it! Great acting! Just like the original movie! Theatre full!!
 Watching this movie is better than watching milf porn: LOL
 #No pissed night in is complete without watching the tomorrowland 2012 after movie and trying to spot RossTfitness bag
 #real shit these nigga was real!! These niggas was G'd up especially Devante, this movie gonna lit lol iaeno Swing was slapping niggas up
 #Watching this movie is better than watching milf porn: LOL
 #ashantita_ lmaooo! There was this one called the Trapped Child it was so dumb, I was cursing out the mother in the movie
 #Flippin' Fun Movie Night is back! This Friday we will host our monthly Movie Night from 7pm - 9pm....

