alex brosas another idiot
as nancy reagan would say  'just say fucking no! or something like that
the nazi death gas so horrific even hitler feared using it
i hate er chase because if the bitch that works there she's literally evil
don't hmu when u get tired of ur boring hoe ur boring now too
sick of bitches on the internet
pineapples do not belong on pizza  y'all niggas are nasty
but he still with the shits so he started smoking and drinking (bad combo) probably looking like
april fools fucking if you ain't feeling this than you have rigor mortis  dummy!!
with a fucking pencil!
niggas keep talking about women wearing weave but be sick when a bitch up a fro on they ass
god  you're fucking pathetic
you worried about somebody bein ugly    bitch you ugly
carlos correa had gyalchester as his walkup music and it was so bad ass
damn dean just put corbin to sleep  that match also showed why it was on pre show  boring as fuck
the force awakens a bad lip reading  (featuring mark hamill as han solo)
i hate a ol i forgot my wallet at home but i have my id ass bitch!!!
idiot that's not gonna work  you gotta put flame stickers on it to make it go faster
i just want to cry so fucking bad look at them
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
i'm a bad bitch you can't kill me
papaya has to be the worst fruit ever
this is one ass extended april fools i pray someone just says it's a bad joke
btw i watched where you watched my pov on stream and boii do i feel retarded
disgusting  insulting  parks are not a charity  give them a fucking budget  asshole
every bird turd is talking  children of god  or our bros  &amp; sisters  to push evil policyrussia got f
don't you hate people that put salt on their bag of dicks before even trying them?
niggas don't lie  our ugly friend put up a pic we just gon write  nigga u ugly  under it
don't sleep with me? then don't speak with me  and never talk bad bout niggas that eat with me
grassley is a damn liar &amp; saying everything for the stupid supporters  repubs all gullible
person telling me  it's me  the sugar in your tea  are u actually fucking mad !!
bruh i fucking hate people like this
unfollowing  bad bitches  on ig just to follow some jiggy ass asians
are u still rocking with that team btw nani is fucking sick i tried him
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
systems that don't allow you to change your email address    what the hell are you doing? were you built by idiots?
holy crap!! the biggest assclown of a mayor on pulling race card!! get his ass outta office!!!
i repeat    what the bloody hell is happening!
im so fucking sick of seeing this damn tweet
just another dumbass bronco fan swear i hate this fanbase dawg
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
looking like the bad ass bitch that she is
opened min ago  is so fuckin annoying  a dinny send messages for the ged of ma health a send them for a fuckin reply
dick tracy meets gruesome - the re-boot
fucks sake go away stupid anon   ^
can someone sum this up before i call this guy retarded
reason why these bitches secretly hate me
what idiot called them antacids and not afterburners
i swear every person that voted for tru is a fucking moron!!
stupid bitches
im sick too sick of these hoes
youre an idiot cause i dont care what youre talking about
yooooo vans got these sick ass velvet oxblood slip onnnnssssss
are you fucking stupid dude?
that beer buying freaking idiot thinks trump leaked it to nail rice? are you kidding? and sacrifice flynn  mud is appropo
bout to get butt fucked !!!
that fucking teaser tho ahhhhhh!!!
i will go to bat for you!!! what the hell is wrong with people!! also ily
i sampled jaws pull up with the pistol make a nigga look so dam sick like he seen a bitch with titts
he said he ain't gonna be here for another fucking minutes !!!
you know what happens to people that trust a pathological liar? they get fucked over! repeatedly!
police holds me  anoda police ask  officer weytin him do  he replies d idiot pis for here  d oda says hold d idiot mak
lmfaoooooooooooooooo pathetic ass bitches
lmfao must suck being from hemet and never seeing a real bad bitch walk in ya city unless it's on the internet
i hate them hoe ass braids
there's a tumblr post about how fucking bad the production was on the show and it made me cry laughing i have to find it
i hate bitches that don't know how to mind they business
if you litter you're a bitch &amp; i hate you
yk them hoes ugly sis
don't take out the anger of being a hairless nigga on us
bloody splicers sealed johnny in before they    goddamn splicers!
we miss yo ugly sid the the sloth   dur yes dur saying ass too
hopefully all fathers and mothers tell they daughghters ben dover and his friends are evil cunts
up at am  still sick  dr  pissing me off  ugh it's almost spring break  i just wanna be well!whine sniffle cough cry!
sis    i'm fuckin sick  i'm done with it  it's now
i dont know what to say!!!! i have fucking goosebumps!!!!
something is deeply wrong with him! that and the lying! scare the hell out of me
fuck you and die an oral history of something awful
go fuck yourself    you can't whine about the dreadful consequences of something as you vote for it
hate watching an interview &amp; i hear  like  a fucking million times
i walk around my school untouchable &amp; all the bitches that don't like me just sit around and hate
sad to see sasha gone  but she went out her way! to bad she didn't get to bite the ass hole negan!!
this is so fucking ugly
court and duncan are fucking miserable tonight
lesson of the day fight salty ass hate with poems
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
yang susah itu yang disini (dada;hati)  that ugly feeling can stay for who knows how damn long -melbourne
one thing i hate about spring/summer is the bloody birds waking me up at am  it's like world war out there
my fucking god don't die!! backflips like a cruiserweight in his prime at !!
i'm moving to texas  it's some bad bitches out there
why praise can be bad for kids - abc news - via
someone told me they didn't like owls   how fucking dare your face ever make sounds into words that are so terribleyou
that's what u fucking get for pushing that dog!!!!!!!!!
theres a difference between marketing and being fucking annoying
&amp; some idiots of my country think and this regime is working to bring uniform civil code let them bring uniform beef consu
he would not have won if the dnc knew what the hell they were doing  it's too bad if saying that hurts feelings  but trump's gotta go
namjoon is ugly   bitch where???
you see we should have traded letang  he's always hurt  - idiots
wtf !!! just got juicy omg she fuckin with her boss husband
im so emo abt nu'est i fuckin hate pledis for doing this to them
i hate when people get up here and tell what happening on a tv show or movie    shut yo ass up
at least outline the plot and shiz for when you have time!!! your audience needs you!
but let's talk about that sick ass table
hella is from the bay    and majority of la bitches hate on the word hella
oh  yes he is a bad guy  it's so damn sickening
there this idiot of cosas speaking  i think hate speech will come out of his speech if he doesnt stop
i'm baffled and disgusted  who raised these bitches mann
hail fucking state!!!
bitches be like my   nigga   crazy nah he crazy with you he pussy to us !!
its not tht i hate the place even tho i dont like it but i hate the ppl who havent done anything to the bullshit tht happened
schumer filibuster of gorsuch is idiotic - lunch alert!
nasty ass eating food
mf's be having me fucked up alll the time !
that's an ugly ass house to be paying $5mil for
you know when youre fucking stupid and get one question in math correct and think ur albert fucking einstein because me t
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
[!!] winner trending on melon search at
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
watching this annoying ass man makes me want to never eat another pizza       tlc
[melon] jumped places to artist in melon
just block him      he's fucking dreadful
[info] jinyoung spotted at han river with gagman lee seungyoon!cr nct_mark0621&amp;    https
it's always the filthy bitch that comes in the picture
i worry about this all of the time  if the nazis turn away from him it might not be as bad as i fear it will be
niggas worst than your side bitch always questioning they position
that shit fire boyyyyyyy!!!!!!
who will be the st rep to find some guts and stand up to the idiot in the wh?
too bad i ain't packing like that banana
you are a fucking legend mate  balls of steel!
look at this fuckin retard
can you count its -3 idiot
omg i can't believe someone would wish that on anyone never mind a baby the sick bitch
my head so nasty i thought that was a vagina
let it be known that i hate being a fucking team leader
i am trying to avoid using the word hate but i fucking hate donald trump
so this dude bombed syria!!!! idiot
ugh  crippling self doubt is the worst
quit fucking spamming me with this crap it don't work
the number angel shows are gonna be fucking wiiiiild!! opening in sf &amp; ny with joining in n
sanders said  i'm sick of talking about your damned emails
r u dump or u r too stupid idiot
if someone heard mine and macie's convo in applebees they'd think we were idiots
pip is an idiot - and needs to tell the truth       and why didn't she realise before?
rick james fucking hated prince (who i have pledged all of my allegiance to) but it doesn't keep me from appreciating james' eccentricities
i don't even    what in the damn hell  this looks so nasty but i can't stop watching it
i fucking hate you
son this nigga is the worst
it's the fucking !!!! go fucking heels
she does &amp; tori is an idiot for taking it all the time
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
you bunch of ass clowns are as bad as the illegitimate pres we got stuck with  leaders in bs news
gotta make the freshman this year or everyone retarded
i just want gordon ramsay to call me an idiot sandwich
fuck u ur g network from today is worst than 's g network
i recorded a video and i look stupid as hell lmaoo
might pull up wit yo bitch just to make these niggas sick
i fucking know!!!!!!! i was like     wtf???????
she has a way with words    for an idiot
are you stupid it's bc russ has done it fuckin times
demarco murray sick af fuckin trader
why is my fucking windscreen fucking frozen?! it's fucking april you cunt!!
what the hell is wrong with these jnu types ??they know how to distract when it's time to focus on studies !!
while bandits and dragons still attack my dog while i'm bloody mining ore and building a goddamn solarium
i'm watching gm interviews and fuck why is he gone   why?!?!?!?!?!?!
this will bite him on the arse stupid thing to do
ugly bad built ass bitch i would've slapped tf out her
would this brainless retard that claims to be my father just hurry up and die ? ??? ?? ? ?
i'm a bad bitch  hoe u can't kill me
line from this  i don't take orders from a fucking woman!  -
women who claim they don't get wifed because they aren't hoes are just as bad as dudes who claim they're overlooked bc the
jap battle (elicit) -  crazy ex-girlfriend  awe snap  scarsdale!!!
i can see the headlines now     no service for andy carroll at the vodafone stadium tonight   can't fucking wait!
just cuz my money keep runnin like forest gump i got niggas hate me like i'm donald trump
hate girls that be all up on my mans notifications but when he tweets about me you bitches are no where to be found
i swear people are so fucking ignorant and annoying
hacked stop leaving your twitter up fucking school idiot
titanfall - saltball  grapple  ronin  | music by iniquity via shits sick dude!
bloody hell i haven't been a size since i was   uni what have you done to me
holy fuck did they jist throw michonne!?!? if michonne dies  we riot!
no need to apologize because some people are too retarded to see your message of positivity and to trying to unite us
im so fucking pissed!!! i hate you trump  i wanted to start ww3
ugly slut with bushy clam gangbanged brutally
i'll    them but they too lame   don't even have a twitter you know   grown ass woman !!
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
dude are yuo talking abaut your familia  yuo look so idiot retard
justice for bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! plz sign
probably because my brothers an idiot
should've won that bloody match  damn it ref  ibra's goal wasn't even offside damn it
yepper   i'm annoying af   i have a meme for everything  i'm just shitty that way
look which idiot bought herself ddr4 ram without owning a ddr4 motherboard this genius
the fucking man like! ma maws banned him from the computer that's how he's no been on in a while
please don't engage with idiots or let them affect you
you a bad bitch don't eva forget that
i hate when a song reminds me of someone i give fucks about
attack dog  us media meekly kowtows to noted idiot trump after show of force  like timid piglets cowering before a wolf wit
i wish she would move to montana so she could be my senator instead of that idiot steve daines
[] winner - fate number for melon mnet naver
so sick of this bullshit     to be woke you must
it's beyond fucking cruel that the syrians who will die because of this were doomed regardless of who won our dogshit electio
brooooo fuuuuccckkk that submission spot was fucking insane!!
actually disgusting how minging i look in any photo thats not taken by me   catfish
you have always been an idiot
join us today on the dc mall for pussy march against evil fascist dictator drumpf
had a bad ass night with with my niggas and my girl
holy fuck the hardy boys!!!!
hate a nigga that try and run me   you can't wear this  you can't go out  you can't chill with them  likeeeeee is u my man or
the idiots of this world
fucking liars  every evil they comitt will be blamed on isis  how about iraqi troops separating boys and detaining/toturing them?
isis  us being run by an idiot'
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
hate wasp and bee season  wasps keep flying into the train and i keep having to change carriage ffs
talamabout going to dates with your filters  no wonder that nigga was disappointed
my st i wanna be in miami getting so fucked up !!!!!
someone please buy nelle a one way ticket and put her annoying ass on a train
this evil bastards records sealed? look at this time peace handout of the harvard law review  bo
all these fuckers who thought email and a nebulous speech to goldman sachs were disqualifying look real fucking petty and
there's always that one idiot in the class! stfu
columbian niggas outchea tweaking on tv  getting disgusting for the camera
{flash} nigeria will die if govt  continues to neglect niger delta region   delta cleric  ajokparoghene the
i put the js on the hoes look clueless i put the designers on the hoes get stupid
idiots are told by a man what to wear
omg! i can't fucking spell! muckbang  also  play overwatch
see who is talking krk is himself biggest *hutiya  idiots n frustrated in life  he put filters
when your two friends  are too drunk to get they ass  out of the damn car!!!!
if you don't want my puppy jumping on your dog  don't fucking bring him in my yard where my puppy is playing  stupid bitch
what the triple fuck!!!! what the hell is going on?
retweet if you fuck with this!!!!
so sick of assadists stalking my account piss off blocked!
her * holding divorce papers *   i fucking hate you  me * hands her a pepsi * her * rips off her clothes *
oh hal! what is dogs' hold over idiots like us?
im fucking going to san francisco on tuesday!!!!!!!!!!!!
they're absolutely fucking pathetic  i need to know what the hell is going on so i can sort out transpo
how damn sad is this! a satin on our country!
i'm forever thankful for the people that make stupid ass threads of stuff that makes me crack up
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
rt if you still hate this nigga
[snorts gigantic line of bubble gum flavored cocaine] oh man  let's watch some fuckin' anime
you should of joined my party when i wanted you bum idiots when you were on those bum accounts
my snapchat is chaotic evil bc i post videos of me drinking vinegar to piss people off
go cry yo ass to sleep   cuz stupid bitch yk he lying !!
benedict cumberbatch is a damn stupid name  i hope history doesn't remember him fondly  i hope his legacy becomes trash
yea yea yea yea yea my bitch she bad to the bone
see clapbacks may i reach this level of being bad ass
why the fuck did you let that bitch steal your girl!!!
i wanna hate tim tebow so bad but he's the nicest fucking dude in the world
retweet if you fuck with this!!!!
he called her a pussy  so she retaliates by calling him a bitch? fighting sexism with sexism? so fucking stupid
what the hell made you strike   &amp; just on suspicion raised by anti-assad sources? you're as bad as your predecessors
i hate my cancer moon ass she always makes me fall for scorpios or people with a lot of scorpio influence im tired
there are a metric ton of idiots at
fucking stop killing us in the name of profits!
woke up after a whopping two hours of sleep  my body is a real jackass about europe
layy ugly ass tried to hit me with a joke but why was it so corny  she's like i don't think i wanna be your friend anymore
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
hate bitches that you gotta ask questions to get to what you looking for
this is why pepsi is trash  how are you gonna have a nasty product and shitty ads for it
lmaooo on god if you believe in horoscopes unfollow me u retarded
if you can't make a deal with a politician you're a fucking idiot
if you dont trust your girlfriend or boyfriend why get in a fucking relationship?!!!
holy fuck !!! years ago
i hate a person that assumes shyt like come fucking ask me to clarify i ain't gone lie to you dumbass
idiots boly to
congratulations  you're an idiot
hell yes! he thinks all of us are stupid  if he felt bad about the kids in syria  he should be let
hope these evil heartless bastards are found an jailed for benji pls help found them update
since yal want ass shots so bad
them hoes gone hate me foreverrrr!
that's disgusting  why do people have to be so shitty
ash i am disappointed in you bitch  nel had me like damn
i always feel so nasty after eating ice cream like damn you indulgent btch
let brandi do my hair so i could go my disgusted ass inside
klavan  u look like s burglar ffs u stupid estonian cunt
don't hmu when u get tired of ur boring hoe ur boring now too
my face be oily as hell when i wake up  i hate it
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' via (huh)
frank putting some idiot in his place
eing argentina's supposed  world class  players messi carried these retards to three consecutive finals  unbelievabl
stop hating  dammit! i told you not to hate! anyone! no matter what! fuck this  i'm goin' to get a pizza and a beer  y
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
mccain and graham are douche bags  stop talking to those morons!
his modelling lights ur ass on fire rt if u cried bloody tears
almost m views on music video!! it's fucking crazy!!!
why is it that it's always the bitches that swear they don't give a fck about you or hate you that can't keep your name
mark hamill nails han solo impression in star wars bad lip reading video
thank fuck its friday!!!
fucking insane russians --&gt;
watch me get fucked missonary and doggystyle!
hey hey hey guys! trump is the worst  you all a bunch of fucking i
this is why pepsi is trash  how are you gonna have a nasty product and shitty ads for it
hell he rode one in  hes fubama tough !!!!
i am the fucking worst when it comes to trying to get that jump shot
reason why these bitches secretly hate me
normani did u rest? bad bitches needs to
it's awful  i'm in   and no news station here is covering it! it's their job to cover news regardless ffs  fucking bastards
[sends jared a fruit basket]
isis spokesman on trump the us is 'being run by an idiot'
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
it's so annoying when people come up to me show me things on dem phone use the fucking share button  so i can ignore ur meme
that bitch is nasty and desperate! we're not all like that!
the  it  remake looks fucking terrifying
hate dirty bitches that give they too everybody
i'm growing increasingly irritated with out of sequence bloody stupid timeline setup  which idiot thought that's agood
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
please fix computer  he needs to finish his fuck book scored  i need it  i gotta have it!!!!! pleaseeee
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
this nigga retarded
the amount of slothy ass people in walmart is literally disgusting
i hate it when i'm trying to board a bus and there's already an asshole on it
maggie didn t even know ellis  she was a horrible fucking mother  mind yo damn business
can't believe tommy girl reported my post caz i cald him out on being an idiot
this is called   child labour   you idiots !!!
between the flips all the time and thinking they invented time and space  i fucking hate ospreay and ricochet
[!!] wondering who listens to ?according to melon people in their s followed by s of which % = females
this bitch wanna be a penguin so bad
jesus fucking christ that girls voice is so god damn annoying
typingcure  do heroics u retard
if you see me in target respect my mother fucking agency!
tee said she fucked it up for everybody!
i hate how my generations thoughts &amp; views on things is so fucked up
you want to be part of something this idiot is in charge of
im sick of niggas playin wit me like i wont fight they ass
need a nigga that like traveling  i hate females and i don't be wanting to go alone
fucking flies - resident evil  biohazard  via
i feel bad for some of you hoes mamas! they did not raise u to be the hoe you are today!!
i'm terrible when it comes to assignments idgaf about  i just wrote sentences in my summary and fucked off for mins
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
[!!] manages to hit melon roof twice
a fucking body!
bloody hell yes i miss him
look at this fuckin retard
if my dog doesn't ease up to you throughout the time you're here  he's trying to tell me ur an evil mf and to kick ur ass out &amp; i listen
are you retarded or something?
even though i fucking hate conor for what he did
and your idiots can ! come and have a drink we us
this idiot is still in politics    he said he will quit politics after punjab results
the writers have turned the bad ass michonne into this horribly clingy girlfriend  i want her back!
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
when fucking retards get their hands on editing software      stop
men on here want to hit women so fucking badly (and justify it) and i just don't understand
jorge took an ugly ass video of me and won't stop sending it to me
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
i wonder why you are a fucking stupid nazi asshole
that bitch talk bad about me now she doing bad with out me
trudeau the useless idiot pm has to go !!
this video could be terrible and my weave would still be snatched
i think you stupid ass republicans are extremely stupid!
hes the shitty one why am i getting all the hate
i hit a bird this morning and it got caught underneath my car car and all i had to do was listen to it die  it was awful
smacking the fuck outta rae!!! cause she hit me/ made me fall off the car before so call it even  you'll be iight lil bitch
have idiots started saying this is infringing on bill o'reilly's freedom of speech yet?
you look like a baby dragon your ugly ass
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
exactly stupid bitch trying to embarrass me
miles raps energetically about his relationship with jesus christ  and it's a fucking horrible track
floridaohio pennsylvania people upset are so god damn stupid it hurts  im not a fan of the strike but christ do at
i understand why niggas dont wanna be in relationships girls annoying af
that nigga needs anger management
would this brainless retard that claims to be my father just hurry up and die? ? ?? ???
i hate when people say this   like yea you fucking did its called lunch
yass!!! i want that asshat to be eed as evil!!
syria mississippi  florida and obama had nothing to do with it bomb trump ugly ass and d c
please don't try to get my man i'll really hate to kill you bitches
rt if you still hate this nigga
to what are you referring to? who are these idiots that you speak of?
hr   call your members of congress  this is nothing but evil  make the damn call  people
to all the people who ask  how's college  well  it's fucking horrible and i think i'm dying but ya know  still here
$5 million for that ugly ass thing????
those who are even discussing this are a bunch of idiots
come on naomi fuck me up again!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whether they have no friends  shitty friends  or lots of friends  they all show themselves to be comparatively evil
i hope leaders just kick retards that fake leave teams today
how some of you people can't see what a fucking idiot donald trump is i'll never believe
bryce can kill himself that fucking disgusting asshole i hate him with all my heart and soul
she how tboss the look like mugu  she no sabi anything  idiot
i fucking hate wearing glasses
also what do i have to sacrifice in order to go into the voltron tags without seeing any nasty ass shaladin posts
where do y'all find these   ass people man ?! like i fucking can't !!
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
investigator says john podesta was paid one is not with russia  clinton &amp; this idiot is getting pd  by russia htt
if cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty  cruel little bastards they are  style  that's what people remember   -- terry pratch
susie ricebama village idiot
its fucking wrestlemania sunday yall !!!!!! via
hi  if i'm with my boyfriend and you say hi to him you can say hi to me too  i don't bite  i hate bitches like you
i dont know what to say!!!! i have fucking goosebumps!!!!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
damonte dodd's snap rn has me fucking geeked this man is hammered!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
three days after tillerson declares assad can stay  we have the worst chemical attack since   that is not a goddamn coin
i hate when my exes siblings try to get at me  like i fucked your brother bro  it's one dick per family
bloody hell did that interview ages ago i thought it had been spiked
addie's bout to be annoying as hell on twitter today
people that support abusers are so fucking ugly
eing is retarded and a script kiddie  ignore him  he's harmless
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
very idiotic
dear   here is the story abt the jap kid who was found on rd june   pls don't b stupid like yr leader
accas for ya mate always fucking team!
jokes on y'all it's the nd idiots
idiot brainwashed christians
remember that awful ass song he released like kiss me fuckin bullshit ass something
just tried to make myself cookies and i fucking burnt them! whyyyyy
alexander hamilton fucking hated democracy
and how is dt gonna blame someone else?? this happened on his fucking watch!!
who the hell has a shower at 0am?? worst night's sleep in months and it had to be when i have work in the morning
i may not say it a lot but i hate apologetic armys i hope they choke on every dick but bts's
kris is the mom you idiot
i am so disappointed in our so-called  journalists  who think that a witch-hunt against our president is fruitful or ok
not when it comes to you blazing idiot liberals
uh hell fucking yeah !!!!!!!! it's am tho and i'm still  sleeping  &gt;
when u think shits going bad and then
if you believe all americans are patriots then ur the fucking idiot  pulse nightclub  san bernardino  both killers of2
i hate when i ft ppl on accident   ion want a bitch thinking i'm calling them
my senior year i'm not sitting in this boring ass ceremony! my father just going have to get tf over it
ugh that sounds terrible  i'm sorry you had a shitty night
just because they weren't when they did it  makes me absolutely fucking sick
i know royce told me and now i feel like an idiot
april fools! my life is a fucking joke!!
u had shawn michaels  triple h  the rock  cena  even aj styles would have worked  but vince chose move idiot reigns
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
[info] won melon's weekly popularity award for the th week of march  https//
yes because u idiots never run out of nonsense
bone ko na gaske  the idiot stained my certificate with dirty fingers sef  i can't forget him even if i want to
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
gooooooooooaaallll goooooooooooaaalll gooooooooooooaallll pepe pepe pepe!!!! renew his fucking contract!!!
looks like they are real bad ass fighters   unlike their daddy muahahaha
breathtaking     making money from the presidency and his idiot supporters don't see a problem
boruto looks lit and he's a badass i like that filthy cunt
imagine obama or hc doing this--media and republicans would have a meltdown!    why not when idiot boy does
jordunne chicagoblackcubs jordunne chicagoblackcubs get fucked cards!
tap tap tap that ass make it nasty  clap clap clap that ass make it nastytap tap tap that ass make it nasty (_!_)
e don't look like that my g's  swear to god you's are so retarded
niggas don't hate yall man  they just don't like you as a person
im so sick about rick trusting that bitch
let me go by my man girl ; you hoes miserable on god
fuck off becchetti!!!!
no donald trump this is all on you!! pack your bags your stupid narcissistic lunatic ass is fired!!
it was time for lavar ball to shut up like a month or two ago   now he's just being an idiot
bitch you got dogs you nasty
no worries! you're bad ass and you gotta keep on being a bad ass *hi5*
we're so fucking boring - charles bukowski
we are the hate crew! we stand and we won't fall  we are all for none and none for all fuck you! we'll fight to th
i pray for nem on that appeal man! fuck da feds &amp; the fed ass niggas !!!
[pic] han minjung's instagram update with sungjong
bad news &gt;&gt;&gt; indiana house passes a bill designed to cripple the state s growing rooftop solar industry
oh  what's that? your just a holier than thou cunt on the internet? this is my shocked face
i detest austin - one of the worst shitbags in a detestable cabal  he should be thrown out of the party forthwith
im fucking screaming  what he pull out !!!
a fucking body!
i hate when recipes pop up on my timeline  i'm fucking starving &amp; that does not help
lets fucking gooo!!!
feel like loading put it to a nigga head  blow out the bad stories
hole up hole up       bitch you this mad all the way in texas ??!!! u dont even go here
i can't get one fucking break from your president's stupid ass antics
i know  we're fucking idiots
retweet this idiot if you want a man banned for vile attacks on labour mps to carry on this corbyn nonesense
what does mike have to do to get a fucking grammy?!
wba     why bother attacking     retarded ass team what's the point of playing defensive for mins??
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
is the apc a bumbling eunuch or a retarded infant?
just went i thought i was done with this shitty week the alarm system isnt working and i can't leave  oh my god! i hate this place!
the worst part of living in lorain isn't the crime or the pot holes or anything like that  it's knowing my mayor is a ch
all because i'm the world's biggest idiot and don't know how to read
in birkenau concentration camp in nazi germany te lokal population tried to neglect the knowledge of the crude abus
how can those idiots from sleep tonight after that rules call??
y'all nigga terrible washington  district of columbia
nah bro that shit was nasty then and it's nasty now
her suit was built by bird aliens  you fucking idiots men my ass
and this idiot will kill you!!!!
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
this is fucking terrible  people have no respect anymore
i hate when someones in a relationship or some shit &amp; people know but hoes still  try  &amp; get with yo man!!! like btfu!!!
i hate when someones in a relationship or some shit &amp; people know but hoes still  try  &amp; get with yo man!!! like btfu!!!
attack on titan s2 episode one's ending was fucked upthat was so brutal
hell ain't seem that bad anymore
you are a fucking idiot  this is iraq all over again
hey     i think isis is correct!!! trump   you are ruining our reputation in the world! you are a fucking idiot!
what the hell is this pise its so ugly
all my bitches bad  you'll never see me around ugly females
you would figure at some point the smark audience would realize that each week jbl is going to call them idiot babies
wtf south africa?? what the hell are you doing lifting the ban on rhino horn sales??? outrageous &amp; stupid
[rains nonstop for days] wife we almost need an ark me the boat or the thing that melts nazi faces? wife me
all the birds returned from the south for winter  and the squirrels are already sick of those seasonal assholes saying
listening to this jerk congman eric swalwell i couldn't believe my ears hearing this idiot blabbering well rehearsed nonsensical rhetoric
- always buy the ugly fruit in supermarkets guys!
if the idiot son-in-law deposes the insane racist  that's an improvement
hell after weapons deal gone bad! i don't doubt anything these assholes in dc won't do for power n pockets!
and lisa still getting her hair fucked up  yg stylists hate her
hate this asshole but he nailed it
in   this   house we   fucking hate   cube ent
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
perhaps an iq test should be a requirement for members of congress  this idiot and sheila jackson lee would flunk
el fucking problema! damn
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
whew  i'd be sick  but  i'm not an idiot so i don't bet on the knicks
omg why can't nobody answer the fucking phone!!!!!!!!
[listening to the chainsmokers/coldplay collaboration] why   why does this exist? who wanted this? who the hell asked for th
anc idiots and thugs trying to put race card  your president is fuken corupt nd yall will know us well ka
this is totally fucked up!
harry fucking dominated that song!!! he has blown me away!
sleep paralysis is the worst fuckin thing to eerience
yall check out my music let me know if you fucking with it!
congrats to all the blithering idiots who elected this a**hole trump just signed away your internet privacy
im truly the biggest idiot im making this model that looks devent wheb thetes a kit online
if governments want to stop refugees  they can  close your fucking borders!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
another reason mccain needs to go home!!!mccain calls nuclear option proponents 'stupid idiots' --
i hate those fucking teachers that mark you tardy for not being seated when the bell rings
she got fucked nd pretended it was april fool     how stupid could these creatures be
wait hold up       it was all just a bad ass dream????
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
1  that's insulting because i hate monkeys    you're a fucking idiot
damn bares all for look at that fucking creampie!
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
gotta stop sleeping on the ugly niggas
maggie sawyer  lesbian who must be protected at all cost [goes into combat without a bullet proof vest]me  let me be yo
to bad we beat your ass in
oh absolutely fucking not! not my ass
i'm gonna because you are % correct the bulls are going to the finals fuck the cleveland cavaliers! go bulls!'!!!!
wtf?!?? how?!?!? fucking how?!?!?
oh my fucking god!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
*inserts boring ass halo eye look on to the tl *
ima be a bad bitch for my birthday   nails ! bundles ! heels ! dress ! all dat   just cause
i fucking told ya!
i got so much anger built up bitch i wanna fight
this nigga harden gonna pull up twice and miss bad
probably unfollowing whitey and tyler until baseball gets boring (about three days) sorry guys
when you know who df you is none or this twitter shit matters!!!! this shit is comedy!!!! for laughs !!! like df
i hate his character his emo disposition his actions basically everything about sasuke besides his powers piss me off
where's  leadership are idiots who have no idea what they're doing  ?
i told that lik bitch she was ugly    i hope sge aint get offended
our bffs are real idiots
my attitude wayyyy toooo horrible for a softttttt ass niggggaaa!!!!!!!
i fucking hate elaining like who i am to people that dont know  like i just eect them to already know and they dont
some idiots here  including an ians journalist  have been saying no weather/flood situation in panzipura  baramulla &amp; that a
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
sleeping in aircond makes me sick and i'm still sweat like hell
if you think it isn't   go to hell   i hate you and i wanna stab you to death
getting home at this time is stupid my guy  how i'm supposed to sleep with the birds and sun out
you know which idiot hyphenates  mother-fucker ? the fuckdamn macquarie
forgive me  but you're simply a fucking idiot
talks with about freshman awkwardness  email  and the idiot
[rains nonstop for days] wife we almost need an ark me the boat or the thing that melts nazi faces? wife me
i am so fucking done with he gop  omg  govern  damn you!
does leonard have rings does he??fucking moron
drawing realism is painful af bc i draw ppl rlly   stylizedas in boy i cant escape the damn anime
i hate niggaas that act like bitches
these idiots keep screaming about russia &amp; there's no connection  they're too brainwashed to giv
oh just to let you know tia passed away who the hell does that? fucking stupid
to hell with luis enrique bloody arrogant fool why bench iniesta you idiot it's not like we are wining the cl you fool
the amount of aggressive  disrespectful  disgusting niggas i came into contact with tonight was unreal  swear they wanted to die
if you hate me over a guy  you're wack as hell boo
i couldnt have dealt w this! my patience and tolerance for stupid bitches like this is nonexistent
yeah but you would have to be an idiot to fall for that again
these cookies are fucking disgusting
brutal makes her pussy flow
beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
national fucking champs!!!!
but you're my fucking sister  brie  &amp; you kno' that!
performance response in hyderabad theatres fr nayan z shocking   st tym damn happening
that's so fucking annoying smh  i wish you luck girl
she's retarded
dear please help  we're stuck with a bunch of idiots &amp; fascists governing our country  we need urgent ass
you idiots made a reaction channel no one is gunna pay k to learn how to watch a video
wendy is a bad bitch
i hate when you go somewhere smelling like chow and somebody's joe ass child says   omg it smell like weed
tell that idiot he didn't declare war he does not need your permission or vote
[pic] jacket shooting scenes in melon magazine (4)
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
i hate a bitch that wanna lecture you like she yo moms or something like bitch shut up
changes needed  can't be fucking arsed with these missed chances again and again  mkhi so off today!
all of this is ugly as hell
ha he's a bit of a idiot yes we are he's wasting away slooowly
me jinho is so violentjinho what did u say huh fite me bitch
it's no laughing matter you fucking idiot
they need to bomb yo ugly ass
nasty ass restaurant
people dying in ? mehkendall fucking jenner made a stupid pepsi ad? oh my god what? this is outrageous someon
u had this very fucking outfit  them pants were my shitttts tho
mana would legit be a retard driving an f1 car and telling the people that are made up of vienna sausages
shes so fucking annoying
i get to see my bestfriend maybe times a month and that's really fucking pathetic
omg! this guy has hacked both women's accounts he is an idiot to do this!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
some cruel bastard has dressed a horse up as paul nuttall
(508) i feel like captain morgan put his peg leg up my ass
bill and don sick fucks
why the fuck would tag me in some bullshit like this!?!?!?
i hate players dude yall can go to hell fohhhh
it pisses me off for days when i come across someone with a really bad mindset
isis  us being run by an idiot'
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
he said he don't want you cause you a crazy hoe and he don't play with that  you miserable
wtf south africa?? what the hell are you doing lifting the ban on rhino horn sales??? outrageous &amp; stupid
isis on president trump 'you are being run by an idiot'
michael moore's food consumption will bring about world famine -- somebody please cork this idiot befor
an idiot plays mother   part  via
don't try to understand me  i fucking hate elaining myself
this nigga reub has some of the worst communication skills
bloody islamic bastards
yep  u got that  mr tuff guy  maga   just look at his hair/face/says it all  he's bat crap crazy  how the hell did
i got no ass or titties but i'm still bad so wassup
fucking evil
yall ia m very sorry sabu is a fricking idiot and can not distinguish between twins dont be a sabu
wv just give me bad vibes period i think that's why i stay mugging you nut ass mfs now
this is indeed very fucking close
i wanna fucking die i hate this show
my dragonite brings all the boys to the yardand they're like can you trade me that? and i'm likefck off retard
lmao     can u fucking imagine  yikes!!!!
alex is also a homo with no friends and cheated on you about times and your stupid if u think he
i hate a run and tell ya business ass bitch
i fuckin bad girls cause they have balls
you're fucking pathetic bye see you never
there is no situation room at fucking mar-a-lagostop it!!
sometimes i just wanna tell people to fuck off!!!!
doesn't surprise me that our so called president would come to the defense of a douche like bill o'reilly  bad hombres stick to
oh my gawd why are still people talking about who should pay on dates just crash weddings together you idiots
hey give me your fucking money!!!!
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
if it's the rob lee i know  he's probably watched the masters from the base of shearer's bollocks
well that snake looks fucking terrible!
the second-leading tackler of ? he's on the redskins now (via rapsheet)
(someone please take twitter away from me  i can't be trusted with it and i'm making a tit of myself)
worst is when she keeps sucking after you cum
when i see a stupid ass fucking tweet that makes no sense
isn't failing idiot in chief &amp; no  the aca won't work if u undermine instead of
the worst of it has passed but jesus fuckin christ i hate fever dreams
we trade and share a space station with russia  should we not speak to them? thats just fucking stupid at this point
just woke up so sick today    bum ass nigga who reccomended me tv show
only monsters could do this   evil evil evil damned evil
babe that was a fucking terrible thing to have happen and in no way your fault
some idiot just spilt their drink on the number
at this rate he'll have cost the country almost $156 million in year  do the math idiot
i didn't die in my sleep  how fucking annoying
idiot stick blocked me couldn't handle all these facts
finna get a dual cam engine for my honda and swap out the ugly ass in rims its riding on rn
no matter what you fucking say or what you do  i'm done! gone
beyonc  petty and annoying for this lil ass kitty kat video  it's still tho
it's so fucking annoying when you go out of your way for someone and they don't even appreciate it
my ex    stupid bitch via
retard alert!!!
i used to hate this   crack used to always be all out   had to fix my pants every mins   them damn drawstring pants man
throwing her shells on the floor like a fucking savage! [photo credit
when i go home i'm watching cartoons with my baby all night with his bad ass
having to walk through town with no makeup for my prom trial has got to be the worst thing never felt so minging
grim are u fucking kidding me i've watches on melancholy hill about twelve times do you think i don't know this
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
don't ask me  that's why capital punishment is so fucking stupid
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
please tell me ivanka hid the nuclear codes  isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' https//
nigga at da end of the day we all would be gone  or somewhere else  and speakin about it is not gonna fucking matter!
having this idiot on the nat'l security council is just as idiotic to think that trump has the nuclear codes
fucking pet peeve!!!!!
in my life all i need is some hennessy a bad bitch and a bag of weed the holy trinity
yea &amp; it looks fucking retarded
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
worst fucking week  i want to be on an island  like % seriousness % laughing at the situations i've been in
i hate clingy ass people  don't text me times  don't be all over me  just no
to hell with your stupid coaching  rotation of players  and lack of motivation
so yes you could say that but then you would look like an idiot or an ignorant trump ass sucking bitch in doing so
i've been doing some research and i think the problem is that people are actually stupid fucking idiots
damn snapchat spectacles r so sick
(this boss was an efficiency-fetishizing gig economy-loving douchebag but that's another story )
booooooooo!!!! you bunch of fucking crooks!!!
jobs  remember them you fucking idiot  j   o   b   s
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
i'm getting extremely frustrated cuz my wwe network keeps glitching!! idk if it's the network or shitty service  but it's pissing me off!!!!
what the fuck was that?!  i'm out here wasting my time!   do that again your punished!
this is why he should've never been elected president    fucking hate that asshole
will someone shut this fucking idiot up  embarrassing
soul savior - democracy = hypocricy (f s f cover)  obey! obey! obey the fucking rules!
im reading something and this fucking stupid boy is gonna make me cry and im gonna blow up if he does what i think hes gonna do  i s2g  djdk
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
she's a bad ass
im ft you retard i would advince you think before you speak
i had a very bad day on anniversary   my supervisor and workmates just a group of bitches besides i hate my part-time job
i hope a girl views me like this because damn am i ugly
fuck it i'm going to pold dancing classes !!!
damn y'all feeling me ainnit   but cam you already know tha dealdon't play stupid    set sumn up bitch
erm some of us are retarded that's why  aka me
i know the game i should teach it   cause these nigga hate for mfn reason   !
just cause my money running like forrest gump  i got niggas hate me like i'm donald trump
i fucking hate that all of you immediately decided to respond to this the way you all did
two things that i just can't respect     a fuck nigga and a lyin ass bitch  dolphhhhh!!!
have u heard reported why europe has been decimated?me neither the idiots policy's on syria iraq libya  loons need be tarred and feathered
no they couldn't you retard
how do i complain please? charged a cancellation fee for a driver whi didnt show up or answer phone?!! fucking cowboys!
cheating is played out grow the fuck up!!!
whaaahhh!?? damn thank ya'll million views in a weeek is crazy!
oh my god yes  fuck photoshop always hated it!!
sick douche lordt jock who never got stabbed smh
check this idiot out  thinks scurvy somehow disproves atheism and darwin  what a tool
who is this idiot representing the cab trade on lbc
i fucking hate ratchet ass memphis hoessss
bro i cant fucking wait for the video / screensharing!!! aaaaaaaa you said soon like months ago!!
i keep getting fucked over! i'm done with everybody and everything
it's this level of fellating that permits that idiot to keep pulling all the fascist stunts he does
ddt is a finish - idiots using it dont get it
this is a retarded question but what's the pokemon in your avatar
i hope kim jong-un was watching assad get his ass handed to him tonight (so kim doesn't do anything stupid)
is bad  jihadis also bad &amp; would still be bad w assad gone  assad is an asshole but he didn't create
trail of lies baby get with it because they are fucking sick
can an ass be tragic? to perish under a burden one can neither bear nor throw off? the case of the philosopher  friedrich nietzsche
ash with a bad hand  cash for the danger  bottle made of glass  shake that ass for the strangers!
ohhhhhh shit!!!!!!!! i don't fuckin believe it!!! those fuckin traitors!!!
i hate the assholes who don't turn off there brights    but then again i'm the asshole
her shut up ugly me what i'll beat yo ass her oh mah gawd
tell ur ugly ass friend lori to hop off your phone
soylent  but for your idiot feet
normani did u rest? bad bitches needs to
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
i fucking hate donald trump and e v e r y o n e who voted for him
oh knowing her it's gonna be that fuckin bad trust me  lady troll is a fuckin trick
everyone pls go follow he took these sick ass pics
[rains nonstop for days] wife we almost need an ark me the boat or the thing that melts nazi faces? wife me
all these fuckers who thought email and a nebulous speech to goldman sachs were disqualifying look real fucking petty and
this why i fucking hate group projects
anyways then after shinee i went to work the day after aka no sleep (i got rlly fuckin sick at retreat &amptill recovering rn)
'women  huh?' said the cop spoiler alert he's not just playing bad cop  he's also just an asshole
sean spicer is a blithering idiot who will repeat anything trump tells him
you're an idiot
sorry darlin  not gonna work  you're in my heart  and that lil sum bitch sees all!!!
joanna stern is so fucking annoying please stop doing this
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
some might say just do it because that's what men do  i agree but say something lil ugly i'll let that door slam on ya fuckin head
i swear to god if i get sick i'm gonna be so pissed
don't fall stupid for these niggas words  let these niggas show u actions
what were you doing during the vietnam war? draft-dodging  fucking whores and trying not to get the clap  some hero!
mike pence  fuck you too  you racist homophobe  youre worst than trump  you suck
we just launched missiles at syria?!?! are we going to war?! what the f*ck?!? this idiot has been in office for a couple months and already?
if u say baseball is boring than your an ignorant dumbass tbh
this how idiots on here operate    i woke up to a hopsin song playing on my tv  i tweet he can rap &amp; from that twee
the way men think is so fucking stupid
and she still is  you motherfuckers are sick i tell you
shout-out to wwe partnering with ffxiv tho shits sick
this isn't a dairy farm simulator??? it's a stupid fucking minigame  come on peta
she is a bloody disgrace she is unfit be primeminister how the hell do this tory lot sleep at nite se
clay is so fucking annoying he asks questions every seconds and never goes with the flow just shut up and listen idk how yall claim
what a joke this league is so g  damn stupid now and then there is guys like i that make no
hap birth stupid hoe
pull up shit will be lit asf!!!!!!
damn it hawk those are some quality calls i wish i could be as bad at my job as is at his  where did you find this guy
mcconnell   do you have alzheimer's??? you are an idiot just like trump!
don't go with this fake pig crap eating idiots network  one of the worst piss drinkers
every side of san antonio bad nigga she banging by the dominions
i hate a frontin ass person  stay from around me!!! perioddd
we should do a challenge where everyone turns off the autocorrect for their smartphone let's see how retarded people are
i hate all you niggas
the worst hoe is a hoe who can't admit she was a hoe !
fucking ganadora!!
that's what i fucking hate  every defender just backing off and letting aguero take on the shot  make some bloody tackle
ew i fucking hate this disgusting tool bag omfg
brutal makes her pussy flow
some of you have horrible characteristics lmaoooo damn
i hate a  girls that smoke are ugly  ass nigga
bitch you use to be a fucking gladiator! i dont know why your ginger ass aint look these ppl up b4 you went into bed with them!
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
this looks like a retarded class field trip
where the bloody hell is balor?!!!
sometimes u just wanna say  disgusting ass bitch  but u remember it's just your period   chill out
i hate ungrateful bitches
(508) i feel like captain morgan put his peg leg up my ass
yooooo this song is fucking lit!!!!!! repeatttttt
eww  i dont want that nasty mayor of whoville ass with girl hair now!
que fucked up es reasons why! lpm carajo
yeah the newest one ! it's called hotel o think and it's fucked !
out of mouth of someone who worked for obama what a fucking idiot
man i hate when a nigga cock blocking at the function   i'm tryna get laid tonight  !
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
why the hell is this franchise so unable to scout/develop pitching? pathetic
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
ima get it in til da day that i go! niggas don't act like niggas no mo! hate when niggas act like they ain't from t
niggas hate apologizing but always doing something they need to apologize for
she rocked his ass tbh i feel bad for bruh but s/o to who raised him
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
well done for trying sir  these stop the west idiots need a dose of truth
[pann] heol eppis  we're on melon's hall of fame!!!
he could have laid her stupid ass out with one hit if he wanted to
sometimes restraining myself from calling someone an idiot is a very difficult effort t
bad bitch level bradley james
keep in mind  trump has no idea what the hell he's doing on any issue  if you thought was bad  wait till
ur my rocky dr toni bark keep slamming these idiot reporter said peddling vaccine injury i am oneof those m
mfs should not have iphone c's those shits so ugly
the worst one for me is zach  she was totally vulnerable and he was pissed off because she didn't trust him?????
wait a minute -- aren't these our troops  and don't these trump idiots work for us? somebody
congrats to all the blithering idiots who elected this a**hole trump just signed away your internet privacy
slippers?? with my ugly ass toes?? nah
wp bad as la times  ny times and the trash abc nets on tv
when you been texting her all day y no te responde  but you go on twitter and she tweets  diablo why ugly niggas always
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
that's what his stupid ass get
why you so bad like damn ma
yes but this idiot is also sending troops in harms way and nobody is talking about it
today you idiots are out of dishes for the egg bites and just throw the eggs in the bag  what is wrong with you people?? idiots
happening now getting my butthole brutally punch fucked at in berkeley
the  those who trespass  (yes  that is the title of his stupid book) episode of is fucking gold
they act like it's fucking fireworks!!
nyc_kicks_collector's photo this nigga retarded
that's horrible  why the hell would people do that?
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
don't let an idiot ruin your day
i'm sick of bitching about things that are beyond my control
still fucking shocked
why did i post this twice  am i retarded
nbs yo too bad our couches folded on niggas
in p5  worst case scenario is you get a bad item and they leave in mainline  they steal your items  money  sp  hp  and kick you in the dick
today!! going to start a pre order for a fuck machine video!!!! the vid will be tokens (goes towards me getting the m
that one was the worst one out of the strikes lmfaoooo nigga said eat a banana then get drugged just cuz
it's getting so boring some of the camera crews have resorted to bird watching!
this is what can happen whenever you box anyone u fucking moron not just your friend
fuck fake friends we don't need em!!!!
it takes a village to raise a child  ffs and a village idiot to believe that hillary nwo slogan princ
crackers n' smash are going to have a problem  any of these bots which face against carbide again are gonna have a bad time
why did that idiot call the police?
bitches be boosie bad ass until it time to fight  then they a no show
so i found this sick ass reptar shirt?
being a dem u all look like idiots considering u voted for gorsuch as a circuit judge
i fucking hate when people tell me i should change my ways
damn i hope they dont find out my weakness is thicc ladies that would be awful
all these idiots with their comments think they know everything
this is pathetic  what the hell is wrong with you guys
sometimes i look at saber and think about how awful my penis is
i really hate this nigga
let's fucking have it!
give harry styles all of the stars the moon the sun the flowers your heart the world fuck give him everything he deserves it all!!!
sickening photos of migrant birds needlessly slaughtered in (via )
whaaaaaat that was insane gurls   finilly watched my four bitches so blessed
this bitch is an idiot
xxxtentacion's fan base is fucking cancerous
i can't get myself to do fucking anything and i hate it
they should hold their ears and get out of parliament      shame on sachin and rekha  take away bharat data from sachin an idiot
i hate that stupid fucking face
time to get off your ass &amp; start making presidential decisions wtf you gonna do about assad killing kids? !!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
hate bitches that be thirsty for friends that irritate me
i fucking called it! john cena is gonna propose and then the screen freezes
u fucking won!!!!!!
i have a headache from these nasty ass animals &amp; their smells
don't you fucking dare!!!
i fucking hate that i've been locking myself out all this week
what an idiot      trump completes repeal of online privacy protections from obama era
are you fucking kidding me bruh!
no!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i lik boober fuck u!!!!!!!!!
this nigga trump is nun but bad news impeach dis nigga
i fuckin hate how mayorga calls me by my government name
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
stupid bitch you so trifling
why are you giving these idiots airtime
i need to stop coming to bloomington   something bad happens every damn time
yid vicious tonight at 30!
oh like selling shoes? i worked at a clothing store when i was going to school  fucking hated it with all of my heart
it was time for another bad ass tiger to get it's feed; do your thing shiva
flip off boots minecraft retards (pt1) via
idiotin january  susan rice assured npr the obama admin removed chemical weapons from syria vi
this mf shuttle bus driver trying to fucking freeze us to death !! its cold af on this hoe !
you can't say everybody a side piece to somebody cause that's all you knew all your life hoe i hate fb
one day! one day! one fucking day! http
condo in compton i'm still in reach nigga!!! fuck off kendrick!!!
u kno what!!!! fuck club penguin i aint never play it     !!! jks jks im actually real sad for this &lt; i never played
tambo must have been bad ass beyond believe  or how do we elain it?
i hate people who say i got this  in all honesty we don't have a damn thing
i hate when i give a bitch my and she say here         you text me   bitch
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
n yeah u hate boys coz u r lesbian
did you know you can mute hashtags in your settings? saves my sanity during annoying squawking bird season
if you think our president needs congressional approval to do what he did    you are an idiot
jealousy is really an ugly ass trait to have
girl  look how fucking orange you look girl!
i'm not even upset just incredibly fucking disappointed
them z6ne niggas are evil they cause nothing but heartache and headaches
this is disgusting slut and skinny shaming is just as bad as fat shaming  remember that before you call yourse
god  i miss when people hated that miz was mocking daniel bryan  smarks are idiots sometimes
you say you hate me but you stalk my page you fucking hypocrite
don't let idiots ruin your day
yup cowboys fans retarded
what?! i am a lesbian  it is my job to hate (cishet) men  i signed a damn contract
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
you may be retarded
i'm so evil i smoke cigarettes  i am goddamn diabolical
yeah let's see them say that after we lose to arsenal and swansea     idiots run out club
this bitch wanna be a penguin so bad
sometimes i forget how damn bloody this game is!!!
the seats dont match up theres no bleachers!!!! fucking hate nyc
do we ever get fucking penalties?!? fuckkkkk me
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
stop going by head lines  read the substance within the article to be informed idiot
like fuck all the chocolate    she got me a candle!!!!
neat but not as obnoxious as i remember getting a rec for psycho pass and then avoiding it cause art style is so fucking ugly
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
i fucking need this country girls dvd magazine vol  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
haters  yg artists are bunch of elitist and arrogant fuckers who hate everyone dara
if a nigga ever talk bad about me just know i hurt them
boyyyyyyyyy i need my ass stupid fat
remember how louis told harry's ass he has hated it since he was
please tell me ivanka hid the nuclear codes  isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' https//
yeah  uconn women's basketball team didn't score in '07 not even fuckin close    idiots
this bitch is stupid
this fatuous idiot believes all he has to do is issue an order
me im gonna try im again maybe the ugly ass art style will grow on meim takes hours to download me
i hope the guy on the phone knows allah can see him &amp; the rope awaits even if it is paris - bloody hell
star wars  bad lip reading with mark hamill as han solo
i get maggie's mom is sick and all but she's being a bitch
use that ugly ass design instead of the oufit designed by kishimoto
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
ugly ass had me thinking god was doing a roll call
hr   call your members of congress  this is nothing but evil  make the damn call  people
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
i'm pissed off because i'm sick and i can't sleep because of it
my eyes are gonna hurt so fucking bad tmr morning ')
[16] this kitchen invention takes away the worst thing about peeling fruit
chaffetz is the town idiot
retweet if you fuck with this!!!!
people are idiots
&gt;rationality&gtroudy &gtelfish listen here idiot roko i'm chosen altruist  i'll thwart the basilisk
's are shy but not if they like you!!!
it costs zero dollars to not be a fucking idiot
that an the fact that it's fucking boring
aur bihar mein jdu-rjd-congress ka  aur punjab mein congress ka  this bjp is so damn stupid you see   so was congress in
facts them shits nasty
this bitch oh my godon the wage gap kristen tate says we choose to take maternity leave are u insane?!?? wha
this nigga really ugly asf
if i gotta be a bitch imma be a bad one
mane delete this stupid ass tweet
it's been one year since this joke and i'm still pissed about how cruel this was
armiece stupid ass got the jokes
people who reacted shocked that marines would share nudes are obviously retarded
[!] winner at and at on melon (9pm kst)!
-my point is we've let the democracy devolve  red/blue/swing  we still have an idiot in wh
seth fucking rollins!
i literally loathe every one of y'all that voted this idiot into office
bc im trying to hangout w ur ugly ass too
fuck sake !!! you can't mention the title race without saying fucking liverpool!!!!!
i am so so so so so damn homesick lately i hate it /(
john fucking fleck!!!!!!!!!!!! northampton -2 blades!!!!!
you will see   you will see what the message will be   - he is clueless!!! damn this fucking no plan pos!!!
i don't know what im fucking doing that but i must be there !!!
unappreciative people are the fucking worst
i did bc im an idiot
idiot boy came trundling up the stairs and woke me up by smorching my face
they opted to swim to the kievan rus when the village idiots outnumbered them in votes
the fucking quality of this stream tho!
gotta bad bitch and she can't keep her clothes on so i'm like bend over  stop and strike that pose
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' we'll see who the idiots end up being
pig iron bob? he didn't have to manage jack  and he fucked up even that?!geez
i fucking hate the beach why would i choose to go there
i feel bad for the cars  not the idiot
i hate the smoke your weed up hoes !! like bitch buy a gram or some
you're an idiot  we're not bots  we're people who don't want to go to fucking war
clay can you just finish the damn fucking tapes !!!!???
being a bad bitch on the side might not appeal to fools like you
our president is an idiot and a madman and i'm disgusted to be a part of this nation
evil limmy  what the fuck did ye make watch?
yasssss boss fucking nation! we fucking move!
and i want to get a binder so fucking bad but im too scsred to because i'm scared i'll hurt myself
bruhhh this naco cheddar popcorn seasoning is fucking goooood!!!!
surrounded by stupid idiots at
this music video is going to be insane is he fuckin flying?
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
spare this  spare that  save this  save that    if you was a bad bitch you'd speak
stockport/manchester this looks v bad - but wanted to avoid the  were you tweeting about vaginas again?
and you thought the brits were idiots about brexit  now they are talking war with spain  (insert pic of putin chortling o
well that s indescribably stupid  how the hell could they justify that?
aight it's time to pull the gloves out i'm sick of bitches
p3 all the adults are crazyp4 all the adults are stupid p5 all the adults are assholes
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
i hate a mice head nigga that want a bitch all to they self but be micen like a mf
i don't trust nobody around my boyfriend period   he know not to try me   but it's the principal y'all hoes nasty!
the fuck is this bullshit!!!!!!!!
what idiot called them nazi's instead of deutschbags
stop trolling you idiot !!!
i run around like an idiot with a vibrating flashing noisy gadget in my cleavage and everyone hates me
my niggas is savage  ruthless  we aint goin our classes  we droppin out school
so its an iron man movie that shows some spider-man what a fucking terrible looking movie
mins? it's fucking shrinking! that doesn't ev
chelsea is the family idiot no skills no smarts just mom and dads money
really hate on dick ass people like gtf bitch bye   ughhhh
worst question to ask a nigga      what are we
do you want to see andrew neil debunk this &amp; make the person who made this video look like an idiot ?
bitches be in twin beds talking about  i hate sleeping alone  bitch u have no choice
this idiot just said that the investigation into wiretapping is a  dog and pony show ! when is going to get rid
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
continue to be an ass about it  and you people are insane if you want to con
i added a video to a playlist the biggest idiots in csgo matchmaking
too bad im a puxxy and wont see none of these bc niggas gon be too scared
this idiot is even trolling a trump thread about wounded warriors  literally all he does all day every day is troll trum
you won't be around in ya lyin idiot
searching fr relevance in any issue making rounds aftr being kicked out of aap  desperate retard compares god to a fiction
[rains nonstop for days] wife we almost need an ark me the boat or the thing that melts nazi faces? wife me
simon are you a fucking moron? yes     yes is the answer to that question
except you're fuckin ugly my guy and she ain't got time for you
really bad day for dems look like idiots forcing republicans to go nuclear w
who would call u ugly? bad bitch is what they meant   bad bitch jdjsjs thank u sis!
about to get this wig snatched today   i need a hair cut so bad
i hate when people don't get my sarcasm and i'm out here lookin like a bitch when i'm just making jokes
one reason  pussy  nasty nasty pussy
the worst film i've ever been in my fucking grave
hey tsn stop with the stupid golf and give me my damn leafs for christ sakes
listen to i got bitches freestyle (prod  sleepy eyes) by ugly god on //
ummm do a currency conversion idiot
money the root of the evil but i split this shi with my people
man that woman has lost it! she's doesn't know if her arse is punched  bored or drilled!!!
wtf kevin!!! stop muting the damn audio
yall niggas want somebody to be yall mom so bad  how ima motivate you and you dont even motivate yourself?!
voter id has been upheld by the courts  murdering babies is evil  it's not a muslim ban  those are some bullshit co
yeh  but the seasonal waifu spam infiltrates tl's no matter what  was fucking terrible when rezero was out
this character is so fuckin' sick
yup    idiots !! gotta wonder why when the country was going on just
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
you an idiot dude    douche bag
real shit bro i miss ramdition!!!!!
watch this unelected idiot bureaucrat threaten the united states
they're all fucked up! the funniest one has been carl
bad ass kool-cup
i dropped my cheesecake on the floor  how fucking tragic
isis message calls trump 'foolish idiot'
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
stop talking about this fucking idiot
i hate all talk ass people  if you say something do it  if you want something get it
mad bum on the mound today can't fucking wait!!!
it is a very very fucking bad idea to say terrible lies about your allies  see?
fireworks! vs this is going to be a cracker of a fight  the face off was insane  video up shortl
and for all those who don't see what i do with fucking finish!! aiden onion bag !! https//
i haven't cried a tear until today - but fuck this week has been awful  just like those days in the schoolground this fo
how you hate somebody you never even spoke to? bitches be jealous &amp; maaddddddd
send these idiots to venezuela - see how they survive
i hate a frontin ass person  stay from around me!!! perioddd
is a fucking idiot
the idiot list
bilic i fucking hate you  watch us lose to swansea and relegation will be imminent
here in oklahoma we cut funding for everything &amp; wonder why our roads are shitty &amp; kids are stupid
[pic] ji sung and seon ho cr produce101_jisung
trump is evil  and if u support him still now u bet your ass you're evil too
yesssss the fucking hardysssss !!!!!!!!!
mate we don't even know if he even knew her  was fucking horrific
know them niggas lookin so you know they gon hate
i don't know what's worse the yooka-laylee rap or the people in the comment section whining about jontron  it's so goddamn pathetic
result from your idiot employee  you could atleast replace my windshield
i heard some shouting and banging downstairs and i thought i was being fucking robbed but no its my brothers idiot friends
[rains nonstop for days] wife we almost need an ark me the boat or the thing that melts nazi faces? wife me
yes please! vote these idiots out in the mid-terms! do a favor!
ppl so fuckin annoying this is why i don't associate w anyone
i need a bad bitch who keep a hand grenade in her burberry
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
yo u don't even fuckin know about life bro that shits crazy anything could happen gotdamn how tight is that !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hey i hope you're having the worst day of your life today and then again tomorrow  you are a disgusting piece of shit
do u guys ever listen or robots and dodos sitting in cust care? idiots
me too  but not when my shoes are fucking soaked and my feet are freezing!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tweets like yours happen  when you are retarded and your don't know it
this is how these idiots will look as fools
i'm in heaven  bloody hell
fox news ? where do they get theirs from? oh that's the fake news trump keeps bitching about! bahhhh!
yup  i hated the way it ended  fuckin tease
mauro ranallo interrupted the wedding of shane mcmahon with a five star frog splash in winnipeg you idiot
[!!] wondering who listens to ?according to melon people in their s followed by s of which % = females
dewayne dedmon youf ucking retard
annoying ass kids are birth control for me
regarding today's scoreboard  the th of april is a fucking wednesday!!!
normani did u rest? bad bitches needs to
i fucking hate alcohol  everything about it  i hate
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
oh yes i forgot to mention this to you today!! who the bloody hell is going to replace him?!
too bad i cant glo with u too bad i have to stunt on you for life too fucking bad
you sayyy you hate me but you stalk my page  you fucking hypocrite
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
hahah i saw on your snap stories  she's a real bad bitch
when the restaurant fucks her food up and you know it's bout to get ugly
i'm smiling like a retard rn wth
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
and i can tell you that's a terrible idea  don't fuckin' do it
john leguizamo's 'latin history for morons' is an urgent call to re-learn our collective past https/
i look at girls with no ass in their jeans that just hang there and i feel so bad for them  i don't know what that flat
i think so i hate the fact that the packs are untradeble   cunts
it's even boring listening to these niggas talk about golf
oomf did me the worst way and my ass still care
bullying is so fucking wrong and disgusting why is it happening i dont understand
or in this case measles  jesus christ people are fucking stupid
fucking idiots
damn shawty you bad   can i get your number?
yes  idiots like this exist
i need me a lil baby who goin' listennn  because i fucking hate repeating myself
i've just arrived home  i am wearing my pajamas and i am about to listen to harry's song so i may die bc skam has already fucked me up!
when all the homies jack off in the bong and u fuckin smoke that shit!!!!!!!!
michael please notice this im fucking begging !!!
yeah the boi sam fucked it up ahaha ! snapped out
y'all really ruthless with this all day today idek if it started today but damn
your litterally just making ecxuses for droping kills in maps ask anyone we dont boot you werent lagging doshit retard
i havent watched all the eps of rw and i dont wanna know any spoilers but i see/rt people who posted the scene  who is the stupid ass rn?
is a lot of bad bitches to be in a mansion
patrick from fob if heaven's grief brings hell's reign me then i'll trade all my tomorrows for just one yesterday
i understand your tweet  it's still very fucking bad
idiot dan rather lambastes media for calling trump  presidential
how to trick an idiot
idgaf what my shorty wear cause niggas can look buh can't have  not finna stop ha from looking bad asl
damn i don't know whether to feel bad for her or for him
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
her voice is so fucking annoying
the worst damn part of waiting at that toll station
i'm heading to bed   d don't you dare drop a fucking lit info while i'm sleeping !
i'm so fucking pissed  shittest thing to do!
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
stop claiming these bitches you niggas look stupid
a fucking body!
as soon as y'all post y'all ugly ass kids on ig  i hit that unfollow button
wish someone would give me % bloody hell
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
or  hey  maybe retconning captain america into a nazi is bad for sales
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
you know what  prison break would've ended satisfactorily and wouldn't need a th season if they didn't make the fucking stupid movie
aghhh! this two-faced bitch pudding  freaking hate her
that's vince steelhammer! and the guy who said  pick up the fucking phone!
i hate corny ass niggas who message you asking to join their pyramid skim headasses
i hate this lmaoooo pisses me off
my bitch fucked another nigga that hurt my feelings !
i don't fucking ever know when anything is going on!
kasumi can be bad ass to &lt;3
some guy at cracker barrel told me that i was evil and that i was going to hell
how did all these idiots get licenses?
the replies to this tweet     y'all fucked up!
[pann] heol eppis  we're on melon's hall of fame!!!
don't hmu when u get tired of ur boring hoe ur boring now too
why do they let barkley talk on tv  he sounds like an idiot
those were cavs fans idiot
my fucking uni's library service went through some fucked up changes and i lost all access to all of my sources for my essay!!!! n i c e
i swear to fucking christ  what report?!
gibraltar always going to become a issue even without jingoistic idiots like michael howard  //
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
this fatuous idiot believes all he has to do is issue an order
i don't be fucking w nobody period mfs so phony!
i really fucking hate that this exists because i never ever said it  i don't need permission to be myself  i posed  bu
guys rt the shit out of this tweet !!!!!!
well  that's fucking annoying cinebook are releasing all the valerian &amp; laureline books in hardco
and these idiot token women are standing around applauding another cruel nonsensical * move  is this maga?
i hate that i have horrible fucking skin
if he starts anderson again hes an idiot
if yo bestfriend dont call/act like ur girlfriend when she see a ugly nigga trynna yike w u at a party they aint your b
you're fucking crazy!!! the dceu needed no saving
some customers are so fucking annoying i hope they choke and die on the drinks i made for them
the way these bitches hate i hope they get a check for ittttt
omfg anyone that joins is getting ip-banned and you all just sit there while a abusive admin fucking banns everyone wtf!?!?!
no one likes cream nasty ass eggs
i know a bad bitch when i see one &amp;&amp; she aint bad
godamn this bitch so bad i want drink molly water out her ass
my sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice!!! who does that??
so tired of people who continue to put themselves in shitty situations with shitty people eecting change  like no it will never change!!!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
toni romiti always got me feeling like a bad bitch
rt  yankees looked terrible yesterday smh rt  !!!
lmfao some bitches are evil
tasek gelugor mp shabudin is sick and bloody idiot
fucking genius!!!!
that one ugly hoe that even the hoe culture doesn't wanna accept
you are an idiot and the majority of americans see it
&amp; this what's wrong with you ho's!!! bitches don't know what loyalty is
the time k had me fucked up!!!
isis message calls trump 'foolish idiot'
god     this idiot though
nas the one asking you all these stupid ass questio      that's my dawg lil bitch !
here comes this bad bitch with the worst hair cut and vocabulary on earth
im gonna be sick this is so terrible fuckin years this type of bullshit went on for
press play on your and let's alexandra burke - bad boys (moto blanco radio)
blindsides gop with shock responseupporters of the nuclear option are stupid idiots
*takes one snap* &amp; says  oh my god  i'm so fuckin ugly
um no  are you fucking stupid or something?
fucking lit!!!!
and that spy thinks carter page is a idiot
henlo birb henlo stinky birb  go eat a seed  ugly    birds scare me
are you clinically retarded
hello twitter  u ugly as hell tonight
the sick ass bitch was sick even tried to put child endangerment on me to get her hands on our son the allegation
*laughs* i was pretending that the targets was maleficent's stupid bird
if he hasn't the wwe are absolutely fucking stupid
mendacious idiot quisling gonna mendacious idiot quisling
just saw a dude restocking the nitro milk stout supply in the philosophy grad student lounge fridge    i fucking hate this school
y'all niggas be mad disrespectful i swear!!!!
i don't like him/her because he/she is annoying ; the fucking dumbest reason to not like someone  everyone is annoyin
i hate when fat niggas try to shoot they shot at me  that's disrespectful
as a vegetarian  'chocolate chicken cake' is heaven &amp; hell all in one meal !
beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
billy bad ass huh?
i don't know isn't a viable response   intelligence  idiots
stupid lil bitch done pissed me off  i ain't let nobody make me this mad in months
get yourself   sucre instead of an ugly nigga and prosper
this ppl carrying bricks are idiots
hell of a tricep pump today  i said before that i hated working triceps but that was until
it's no twitter hype hey  phone calls and video calls when you aren't in the mood to talk are fucking annoying
i swear niggas get in fraternities and forget they still ugly
damn just checked and my camera doesn't have an anti ugly mode
idiots seem to come out of the woodwork  it he threatens our president he should be jailed
i'm a bad bitch you can't kill me
it's bitches that hate me and don't even know me !!
blind cripple or crazy idc its for my bracket soooo!!
trump and his evil cabal of criminals will be caught and his lying ass will be impeached and it won't b a moment too soon
a bad bitch like you can be whatever you want
i am so sick of hearing susan sarandon talk  idiot she is
how bad is that  slut  tattoo on her arse
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
yesssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!*screams oh my bloody hell that would be my two fav youtuber collabing* *faints*
stfu stupid ass hedgehog
ew why tf is uriah justus ugly racist ass in reasons why
me nigga i dont like techno fucking sue me!!! house head electro progressive head ass handbanging ass bi
can't even deny i feel quite fucking disappointed  staying at someone's house for their sake in the living room and they're
why did you fall   guz you retarded i miss that during wrestling s
kevin hart was stupid as hell in think like a man
taking an online latin class was probably the worst decision i have made
its damn boring la omf so embarrassing
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
ice my wrists and i piss on bitchesyou can suck my diznik if you take this jizzes  stupid hoe by
while bandits and dragons still attack my dog while i'm bloody mining ore and building a goddamn solarium
who the fuck would say no to that ring?!?! mercy!
this why i fucking hate group projects
yurtle the turtle needs to be slapped with a fucking chair  many times!
fucking babes!!!!!!!
i fucking hate donald trump and e v e r y o n e who voted for him
that's me wanna know why am so mlg and bad ass it's because somebody wanted to roast me but i ended up roasting him
if ecuador changes govt post election tomorrow that dreadful shyster assange will be kicked out of their london embassy
ha ha    will have to stockpile    isn't this ashwini an idiot
nigel farage is an idiot brit who should keep his trap shut about america
bitch you ugly then   i bet i'll beat your mom granny sister &amp; auntie up
wtf?! i fuckin' hate this
if the person you are with is nasty to the waitress the person you are with is a cunt
blame your idiot father for not holding assad accountable  deaths are on him
another day in fucking paradise  fellas!  - things you hear in the hallways of city college
terrible way to go out but y'all had one hell of a run
[] winner - fate number for melon mnet naver
join us today on the dc mall for pussy march against evil fascist dictator drumpf
i hate when niggas try to talk to me i don't be wanting y'all asses
gotta give trump credit for thoroughness  he's literally trying to do all of the awful things  like every fucking one
that's fucked bro that thing was disgusting
[!!] winner trending on melon search at
u idiot why u forget triple talaq ucc this is also pole promise
three days after tillerson declares assad can stay  we have the worst chemical attack since   that is not a goddamn coin
rt if you're sick of these nazis
they lied about your evil ass
yea this nigga hate his job he rey go ddh and beat up some mexicans tomorrow
where is emotion by crj or bwet or fantasea by azealia? why do you hate the gays dylan?
what an idiot
today i decided to be an idiot and ask my girlfriend to prom
wym where??? i'm nothing like them ugly ass females and i refuse to be compared to one
that's why i hate working on school days    be fucking up my schedule
shonda wrote the fuck outta this!!!!!!!!!
idiot in chief can't even stay in script when he's talking about bombing a country he refused to accept refugees from
idiot and doesn't care who knows it
idiots believe insecticides are harmless has the world gone mad with trump  trump released a ban on poluution way to go
worst fuckin setup everthat cable management        ~cancer~
juan juan  who pays you to say these idiot things
im mad he didn't hit that bitch !
wendy is a bad bitch
if yo bestfriend dont call/act like ur girlfriend when she see a ugly nigga trynna yike w u at a party they aint your bestfriend  period
i say we finally go to fucking southcenter  or we can go to ty's?! he has today off i think
i'm calling the fucking police!
even the crap partsyou'll believe a solution instead of going to hell for sinning with faith n hope belief confession god will forgive you
i listened to this piece on national progressive radio  liberal idiots think they can do a thorough assessment
so i'm not wearing makeup and dasia didn't know and she goes  are you sick?  bitch
sister piles socks on dog who looks up to birds chirping about two hours so that they realize how behind they are the worst
y'all be having routines for everything except that ugly ass attitude
i added a video to a playlist nba k17 proam a bunch of idiots
me trying to figure out why people so fucking stupid
lmfaooooo! hell yeah sprint is terrible
i'm calling the fucking police!
will somebody please beat it into this idiot's head that history watched him steal the scotus seat from obama and garland
way these bitches hate i hope they get a check for it
where is my fucking clips  goodnight !
watch see your pm    trudeau the useless idiot pm has to go !!
the level of hypocrisy is fucking enential!!
why does this stupid cough make a shitty appreance at night
lets beat the fuck out of all of them!!!!
[announcement] iu with oh hyuk will be out at pm today! melon tutorial to stream and dld htt
my bitch is bad and boujee cookin' up dope with an uz
fucking sick song  you and the dudes in kill it
opened min ago  is so fuckin annoying  a dinny send messages for the ged of ma health a send them for a fuckin reply
stop hyping y'all ugly ass friends up  thank you
a fucking body!
we havent seen elliott in about years and my boy is comin to delco in one week  lets fucking go!!!!!
how can a team be so fucking bad at defense?!?!?!?
it was ugly as hell on the website  them hoes look like a beauty and the beast gown
jesus fucking christ  that should come with a warning!
who said bananas were a boring fruit?
like it was their wedding song  you evil wenches! and now i'm fucking covered in feeeeeeeelz!
god  i hate south carolina  how the hell can any clemson fan entertain the thought of rooting for them? absurdity
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
shout out to sfat being a stupid fucking bitch
years of obama and clinton and now we hear from ethics lawyer - are you fucking kidding me?!?!?!
ohbaemsgs a relationship where we can act like idiots together
if this gets k retweets  i will play eia mage which some idiots won games on rank with in toc vienna  days till deck s
thank god  stupid fucking situation that should've never been an issue
this season is going to be fucking insane and i can't wait!
thank fuck its friday!!!
fucking get in  reds!
don't like jokes? unfollow  i don't need your boring ass in my life
stupid nigga
saw y'all in nyc with thrash or die  bought your music  and now play you on my show on bad ass stuff
do these idiots know the definition of treason? jeeze!!
they keep fucking you and you keep voting for them  idiots
a wenger out sign at wrestlemania fucking screaming!!!
this evil bitch invented fact contortion
violent forces radio now playing holy moses - princess of helltunein player
i do hate how eensive bus tickets are with a burning passion  i don't even understand why the hell they're so pricy?!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
vs i know winner is not the idiot
i was going to try this today too! damn how annoying  guess there's no linking to my blog posts anytime soon
ugly niggas be like
calls 'stupid idiot' in st remarks on
i was like congrats fuckface mcgee you are a goddamn idiot if you think that is sexist
a fucking grammy for this!
translationmind your fucking business!!!
literally this is the worst sensation i feel like my foot is gonna elode because it's swelling but has nowhere to go fuck this cast
mrs just introduced me to     this cat has some crazy ass photoshop skills!
(and that is fucking tom stoppard!!!!) soho
hate when niggas want my undivided attention like i have a son bitch
that response was fucking brutal lmaooooo
where were arya and sansa i fucking hate d&amp and i hate this mfing show
whenever niggas are in my sisters dm's talkin about satan one of these idiots always say  no  is satan  like nigga  move
remember how every donkey beleived kathy jacksons bullshit because they hated gillard bunch of sexist pricks
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
gag! another fake bullshitting spewing clinton    i'm feeling nauseous!!
*looks at my text messages*people are fucking insane
$600 to shoot the video $300 for the edits i want  = a fucking movie!
or  hey  maybe retconning captain america into a nazi is bad for sales
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
hate bitches that post pictures like  get a girl that can do both  do what ma? be ugly two times?
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
i hate when somebody go to laughing and they hit my shoulder       do you want your ass beat ??
these fuckers aren't just greedy thieves  they're all fucking sadists! they get pleasure f
the worst thing a bitch can do is let me knw i got her attentioncuz bitch u gone die i'm finna stress u tf out   finna blow u purposely
hate some lads w/ a fuckin passion
beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
bloody hell is there one liberal that don't lie mp melissa price lied on level of support for cashless welfare card https//
help me rinse this fucking loser!! $10 rt/$10 like  i have hour!
p3 all the adults are crazyp4 all the adults are stupid p5 all the adults are assholes
presumably we're at a point in advertising where folk are deliberately making offensive bollocks to generate outraged online
this is why globalist are pissed with trump policies he is making all of these do nothing jerks look bad press cont
waiting for the supreme court to ban idiots from metres around you
too bad i'm a size men and got basketball torn up ass feet
yoooooooo that album is fucking fiiiire!!!! cant wait to see you guys again at diso!!!!
idiots in govt-what if you had obamacare and your baby boy was struggling to breathe and o care says hmm  not in your ins to pay
wonder if fakenews hired her since roger is know out    but she is an idiot
i can see the headlines now     no service for andy carroll at the vodafone stadium tonight   can't fucking wait!
i don't have time for stupid ass bitches who think everything is about themselves
everything should have an edit button and auto correct shouldn't be a fucking idiot! and ps no one ever says ducking
jill stein is a fucking asshole  she is an agent russia  the woman is totally insane  pathological liar
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
babe's got me fucked up if he thinks we're not going downtown tonight!
isis us 'being run by an idiot'
if ur shocked by what i saythen block my ass &amp; stay away i'm no princess that needs a knight but a woman who knows how to
!! your han solo was hysterical   did you say ninjas???!
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
damage is self inflicted= he is an idiot
i literally want to fight this bitch so bad
rt if you hate ryan ross because he's an emo lesbian
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
that terrible time of year where  depending on what time you leave the house  you need swim trunks and a damn winter coat
it'll take me days weeks years to get over the fact tht e is in my country but my stupid ass ain't attending thei
zombie     fucking sick!!
agreed sick of seeing her ass
any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out  -anton chekhov
i want to go for a run but my ankle is still fucked up  i hate my life  ugh
every time i watch one of your videos  i feel like an idiot for asking if you knew what you were doi
damn that's some evil stuff to wish upon a person
why do you have a pro neil gorsuch ad? a pro klan ad a pro gop ad a pro nazi ad a pro hate ad? why?
yea yea hate! racist!biggot! homophobic! islamophobe! u fuckin twats r so stupid i don't fear the
[admin] datuk wira lee chong wei celebrates his th yonex all england after beating shi yuqi   -12  -10!
bullshit!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fuck all the things!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah michaela ur the worst!!! u hoe
lying on your bank is worst than lying on your dick
i'm a bad bitch you can't kill me
[!!] still in melon at pm kst
people who take advantage of generosity are the worst never again will i offer up my cheetohs you greedy bastards
my bad prima  son i'm at area i'll hop on a damn ufo
spitting on someone is nasty &amp; disrespectful as hell man or woman you deserve whatever is coming after that
i don't want to argue with u all idiots who r using beef eat
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
did you know that you are not running for president anymore? idiot
rns gary johnson i'm tryna fuck some aliens!!!!
i hated this stalker ass song
without claiming to fight ws this idiot would be punching cash register
this world is a fucked up place  i'm speechless  i don't understand how anyone can be this hateful and evil
in the preview of batgirl &amp; the birds of prey   canary joins a fight club! crap  weren't supposed to say that
the inhumane bitch who filmed it should be rotting in hell this video makes me so upset the ethiopian woman deserve
if she wanted a thong   she shoulda got one  all that bunching ya bottoms into ya ass is ugly as hell
that's fuckin terrifying  don't think i'd wanna be on the lower tier
don't hmu when u get tired of ur boring hoe ur boring now too
omg we're going to war! trump is so fucking stupid
this evil bastards records sealed? look at this time peace handout of the harvard law review  bo
omg 's car got towed on sunday from there too and they fucked her car up! she has to pay $350 to get
or their stupid hoe stories
islamic state says us 'being run by an idiot'
fuccckkkkkkk this section about ptsd really fucked me up!!!! i felt it through the fucking dance
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
crock pot honey garlic chicken! &lt;3
need to let my anger out dude never been so pissed off
!!!!!! damn its so hard to find people like this in america !!!!!!
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
isis to usa     you are being run by an idiot who does not know what syria or iraq or islam is   http
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
if you snapchat me a picture of your k myplayers shoes with a bunch of stupid ass emojis i'm deleting you
i think this guy is mentally fucking retarded
hail fucking state!!!
why do y'all wanna use the n word so fucking bad
i like michael fullmer but god that was a retarded thing to say
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
like niggas always lying thinking i'm stupid   like you don't have to lie to me baby you ain't my nigga
what happens when you put idiots in charge
sanchez is a fucking idiot  anyone from california (i'm guessing you're not since you use  cali  knows that)
putting her nasty ass feet on the furniture
[!!] winner trending on melon search at
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
reasons why don't you have any fucking cream cheese! ps i cant stop thinking about that show
he was covering up the cover up of the cover up and he fucked it up! he should be investigated for coll
if i got to be a bitch imma be a bad one
but wait why tf u would even think i give a damn about ur opinion! kms hoe i have a fucking life!!!
have you fucking watched the night of?!!?
and i think you're a fucking moron
stupid saudi isis fanboy! no wonder all of you idiots were cheering for the strike- now
humans are the worst fucking things on this planet i swear
eing argentina's supposed  world class  players messi carried these retards to three consecutive finals  unbelievabl
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
how can you be a bad bitch if you don't drink water? ask yourself
are people fucking serious?!!! you don't ask for the location of the hotel in the comments under a pic made by a celeb you want to stalk!
his honesty and his gang of retards have been targeting everyone who does not agree with them point for them abuse is a way street morons!
ur so annoying i wanna cry all the fucking time
i'm on ep  of thirteen reasons why &amp; i fucking hate bryce!!!
disgusting in name of freedom of speech this jihadi swine has always been demonizing hindu gods &amp; sentiments
fuck ryan!!! i wanna come and eat that as out in those
healthcare is for you and me not for fucking industry!
can you please call him an evil capitalist sellout cunt
it's just idiots like that rant about it
girl no tf it's notthat lil bitch was a pussy that wanted friends so bad
someone will appreciate my ugly ass one day!!!
cigarettes fucking boooooom man make my stomach hurt every trip!
the way them titties sag milk done gone bad bitch i promise he ain't coppin
when this damn bell gonna ring i'm so sick of school
brutal  laughing  fighting  fucking
every village has its idiots
fucking hell another awful attempt  embarrassing marking from barca
some of you girls think being a bad bitch is all there is in life
this was the worst night of my life  now into those fucking dizzy feelin
appreciate my dad taking me to go get a car but his choice in music taste on the way there is fucking dreadful
why do y'all wanna use the n word so fucking bad
mark hamill becomes han solo for star wars bad lip reading
i absolutely hate when ppl act like life is so shitty and hate the world
reminder it has now been days since idiot offered to be water boarded for charity--he need to be told every day
whoa  chill  i may have to put this friendship on hold if you bad mouth my yankees
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
damn that honey butter chicken sandwich was heavenly!
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
cracked up at charlie telling eureka to shut up momentsbitch is so annoying she totes deserved that
i get hurt every fucking day  im an idiot
sorry  dreyfuss!!!!! never piss off a demon
idiot shoots idiot at idiot headquarters
man that nigga is retarded
thats a word drumboss! did the damn thing on that and haters gonna hate still
fucking ganadora!!
what idiot named them jet skis instead of boatercycles
how about they're all nasty motherfuckers for casting a yo child to do sex scenes w/ a grown-ass man? sorted  https
oomf did me the worst way and my ass still care
issa bad bitch
wow    you're a horrible fucking friend
guy z all those people talking about ufo s aliens and nibiru are dumb retarded idiots!!!
i said fuck not duck ! ! ! !
yeah i know i fucking hate the cat mist part  it feels disjointed from the rest of the poem  but yeah i
tell me what you're thinking if it's that damn bad then keep it to yourself
mind your language idiot irfan
to hell with your religion  bloody rascals  if this is not terrorism  what is  this is what chaddi madness has given us  htt
regram hope i didn't get y'all too bad with that han solo post earlier   my
damn i wish i could makeup where i'm from an what i'm about and just find a fan base that's oblivious/don't care but    that'
if you litter you're a bitch &amp; i hate you
a fucking body!
how can you be laughing you evil bitch
bloody hell liz! i'm on a
yo ugly ass going to start answer my messages
u r a slim bag &amp; puppet for so why dont u go ask him permission to speak u idiot
every fucking day is arithmetic and geography day at school! arsehole
dear wifey  i hate that another bitch kan say she had me
lmfaoooo you asshole that looks disgusting
i know these nasty as hell
this is fucking bullshit!
hmm wyd? go fucking watch it! get a break from shameless
bats   girl when u turn tay the hell home before aomething bad happen let it play out
if you hate me over a nigga seek help bitch
i fucking hate schools that sweep bullying under the rug  hate it
what a stupid fucking thing to ask  made a mug of himself
maine man charged with choking cats to deathhttps// someone needs to strangle this evil fuck to death!
an idiots prediction for ufc
is that big-nosed captain retard still there?
why on earth did i take this god awful fucking shift oh my god
crap why can't we ever see the idiots running around in the field!
they are fucking morons  fans like them make the rest of us look bad
mo time razor!!!!!!!! bitches retarded!
some cruel bastard has dressed a horse up as paul nuttall
how to trick an idiot
hell i gotta referral in this tardy room it's been a bad day
the worst thing a nigga can do is make his bitch look stupid
petty ass idiots  rt  kendrick's stretch mark bars have some people unhappy
i fucking hate you all
his president is a bankrupt reality tv host    what fucking lanes?!
ugh why do the eyeshadows in this palette crease so fucking bad
time to get fucked up this saturday !!!! hit up me or my boys up for details
is it just me or does everyone fucking hate you?  ~me flirting~
i want a reshade from you so fuckin badly
that's what idiotism is all about  idiots dont know difference between promoting a person &amp; promotin
donald trump is the biggest fucking idiot someone help us
couldn't give a flying fuck the colour of attackers   it's a vile and cowardly act!!!!!
debts because you're so fucking in the hole because all you and your pathetic ass  boyfriend  do are put
listen i would not have one of that daft pricks tickets you mad!
service you also have the shittiest fucking subcontractors namely protek! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
my nail tech so damn bad     and she from inglewood too girl    we friends now btw
fuck off becchetti!!!!
how about all the people in the ad office get fired!! and put some of those idiots get out there and try to coach!
im closing my wells fargo account and going no-bank for a while because this is just fucking stupid
dasani water is fucking disgusting and if you don't agree i literally can't even with you
bloody hell colin o'donoghue can fooking sing  i  need  to  marry  him
i need to stop caring about ppl who don't give a shit about me!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hi  if i'm with my boyfriend and you say hi to him you can say hi to me too  i don't bite  i hate bitches like you
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
wasn't directed at you ugly nigga
[!!] wondering who listens to ?according to melon people in their s followed by s of which % = females
sometimes your knight and shining armor   may turn out to be an idiot in tinfoil
wtf south africa?? what the hell are you doing lifting the ban on rhino horn sales??? outrageous &amp; stupid
the fucking hardy boyz!!!!!!
reasons why got me fucked up i hate the choices i make in my life
i hate how niggas try to hide/ lie about things   we find out everything
just dropped my phone in mayonnaise fucking hellman!!!
your an idiot troll and the furthest thing from what you think you are is your frigging iq
replaying  what a wonderfully bloody time it is to curb stomp hell knights  doom2 rumors yet? shh i won't tell
lot of niggas going bad on me  please one at a time
stupid idiot rr doesn't deserve to end career of the phenom the worst booking ever
this is why pepsi is trash  how are you gonna have a nasty product and shitty ads for it
i fucking knew it!!
i was legit screaming my lungs out!!!! fuck i hate this!!
been waiting to release all this anger out!! oml i'm gone send a bitch to the hospital
i hate mfs that lock they tweets like what's the fucking point
beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
i feel so fucking filthy now
its going to be a gnarly fucking night with a wave nigga!! cali dinero (birthday boy) and me (rio
i was looking  seats horrible as hell
that's if they don't march your ass to the gas chambers  fucking idiots
i knew theyd fucking bring up aj's dancing shoes they never disappoint!!!!!
this is a terrible fucking idea to begin with
your work is fucking terrible tbh fuck them
for fucks sake    dismay over liam fox's claim of 'shared values' with duterte's brutal regime
quotes part  i just got freaky deaky   see this fucking frog? i need this frog!   can you blame her? he has a gun cock(
shits annoying!
i hate reading the replies to donald trump's tweets  always one fucking verified account going on a one-man bore crusade
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
i sometimes envy those who don't have retarded parents all i can do is treat them like trash when they
miserable bastard me  still can't get over the fact we threw away points against a team that did fuck all for +mins
god damn i hate that self entitled spoiled bullshit
of course  it couldn't be that she's just an idiot
yep! another false flag just like iraq  we aint idiots you know  us media must cut the crap and bs!
their not running and will monitor b4 any planned ads are run idiots
shut up ryan you turbo tits jako shorts ugly plump cunt
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
say  breh  these niggas are horribly corny  i feel like you re insulting my intelligence  these dweebs need help
please watch and share all you fucking moron clinton supporters and the like  wake up
tired of the wack ass niggaz getting recognition  nomore games ! y'all gonna know my name !!
yaaaasssssss!!!!!!!! come the fuck on!!!! x womens champ!!!!
shaolin!!!!! shao!!!!! my fucking son !!!!! hes singing what thz euxkckfd og yt gogis
bout time someone fired your stupid ass
looking for coachella wristbands is the fucking worst!
unfucking block me you stupid bitch
never invest in a company an idiot couldn't run  one day one will warren buffet
i don't go swimming with idiots
he's riding the hate  floating like a bastard whizzy particle on a flying hock of phlegm
this is a terrible fucking idea to begin with
i want to kill myself so fucking bad i just don't have the guts to do it
a fucking body!
2 3 4 that like what some idiot would have on his luggage
report this sick son of a bitch
why is it called linkedin and not stfu steve i fucking hate you i hope you get fired?!!
stop mentioning my name on ur ugly ass acc
stop molesting our kids you fucking perverts!
cigarettes fucking stink son stay away from me !!!
ooooooooooooh my fucking god!!!!! i want moreee
and here's one of our idiot pm
nails done   hair done im feeling like a bad bitch
i truly am disgusted this corrupt heartless bastard is the freaking president
these are the real fucking terrorists
everyone is forgetting that streaming isn't just spotify you idiots
a nasty piece of work with a speech impediment  not your grandfather's nazi
i wanted a fucking drink  then you took away our leverage then shot the bartender  way to go  grandpa!  she poured a pint
with my blessing!!!! (why didn't i fucking think of that   !)
hate the girls who act like they're your friend yet lowkey want your nigga
i just found out tom clancy died in fucking and i didn t know  thats insane
you'll always be a bad ass bitch in my heart
you lil stupid ass bitch  i ain't fuckin wit you! sorry y'all  i needed that
dropping nukes on japan is justifiable  jap were extremely cruel as in nanjing massacre presi
blast off  fuck it blast off!!!
my sister told her ex that she hopes he meets a bad bitch  fucks her  and then finds out it's the mom he never knew
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
i forgot my phone charger at home-fuuuuuuuuuuuuu     i'm an idiot
they're not criminals  they did something stupid?? damn
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
letsss fucking goo!!
brutal rape &amp; murder of a mentally retarded girl &amp; father  a tragic incident of gajna sutia - gaighata ps  bjp protestsk
i hate when im on instagram doing instagram things and a niggas nowhere b found ass bitch has the nerve to mention me / like my comment
jaldi se theek ho jaao virat sir  i will miss uh badly
you should have made h2o delirious be to in the wheelchair considering how retarded he is
that is fucking terrifying
fucking hate them
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
the wikipedia word today is  banbury story of a cock and a bull   (idiomatic  obsolete  slang  britain) a roundab
bitches out here zip tying they titties together and drinking laxative tea for dollars   i hate the world man
water isn't nasty it just has no taste   put some fruit in it if you want flavor
i hate when i get irritated to the point i want to fucking cryyyyy
i'm sorry but that wasn't even an apology  dean thanked mick and forgave him! that's what happened!!! hellooooo???
oh man some idiot scratched my shea sticker
a fucking disgusting example of arab superiority  fuck that woman recording
how in the hell is staying in business  **worst news network on the planet**
yurtle the turtle needs to be slapped with a fucking chair  many times!
i'm be buying training bras soon  dealing with cycles and attitudes  soon these lil stank ass boys ain't be ugly to them
how stupid do you have to be to vote for idiots like maxine waters  pelosi  hank johnson  &amp; diane feinstein?
*sticks a bar of soap in twitters collective filthy fucking mouth for a minute
i mean   give the cop a fucking pepsi and you won't get shot! racism over! terrible
brutal makes her pussy flow
i got rid of mine because his iv's was bad (he has awful shitty speed)i can't tell what your iv's are eyes
yes it does you idiot sandwich
talking to weiry is like talking to a brickwall fuckin idiot
[!] winner at and at on melon (9pm kst)!
if you've never understood the use of the word 'tard on twitter  take a peek at this pathetic tweet and the  comm
this fatuous idiot believes all he has to do is issue an order
you gotta be sick as hell to do this
them man that are showing teeth when you're pissed are just as bad
being called an idiot by terrorists is practically a compliment
hey wv governor read this you idiot
ppl that are disrespectful to their parents piss me off so bad
remember everybody used to wear them ugly ass roshes
the fact that i just paid $7 for a fruit cup and a coffee at school is insane
you've got to be fucking kidding me! help saudi arabia bomb yemen into oblivion but complain about cadbury eggs
looking so bad ass in leather!
cheater!?! get the hell out of here with that crap!!
this idiots like to make a fool out of themselves sometimes
fuck yeah it's friday!!! let's hang out togetherrr see you soon!
rt if your momma never wore these ugly shits
(315) i said i wanted pizza tattoo on my ass and the tattooist asked me what i wanted on it
i don't have an ed  i'm just a stupid girl that eats a lot and then wonders why she's so fucking fat
i hate girls that get a bf &amp; ditch their friends to the side  who's gonna be there when the dude fucks u over?? not me
my work ethic this semester is awful  how the hell am i gonna motivate myself to work on my mrp this summer
liberals are so damn stupid  paper trail implicating rice  no evidence   accusations ag
the idiots just keep talking
anyone wanna hang out the night of prom? i don't want to go &amp; i don't want to have a boring ass night
when you just realize you brought everything for your camera but the damn lenses  stupid blown
boring ass saturday
fuck team trump   and you !!!!!
everyone who uses twitter is a fucking retard
the nazi death gas so horrific even hitler feared using it
tw/aftg crossover fics are so like    get a job stay away from andreil ugly ass mfs
just seen that ronaldo statue for st time looks like slightly retarded david coulthard
grizzlies can't beat a team that's trying to freaking tank! so damn pathetic!
the village idiot with the glasses
these ugly ass people be having the highest confidence levels
martha has a house keeper and this woman literally sent my ass to my room  i'm shocked and appalled
you ho's &amp; ya hate can stay over there baaaaaaiiiiii
he just wanted to fucking eat i hate people
as a yankee fan i regret to inform you that baseball is bad
april     &amp; i'm officially sick of these niggas for the rest of
beats working in a fucking office all day !
i could smell the liquor   i feel fucking disgusting
its fucking stupid that at this point you havent learned your lesson
oh my fucking gucci!!
nah this bullshit  it was fucking basket interference!!!
this looks fucking nasty
don't think it's a terror attack yet!!  you stupid fucking idiot  fucking kill yourself
are you fucking kidding me?!
yeah  stop being a fucking furry!
driving like an idiot
idk man who am i i just wanna die so damn tried if life
{flash}nigeria will die if govt  continues to neglect niger delta region   delta cleric  ajokparoghene
so   where the bloody hell are ya ?
what's crazy is that these niggas messier than these bitches!!
aggravation and frustration in abundance today  idiots shouldn't breed!
yup  or bought and put up on resale sites seconds after release  fucking insane
my worst fucking nightmare
damn man being mauled gotta be a horrible way to go
i don't hate kpop i just like pissing you
i highkey hate when females take their heels off to dance on that nasty ass floor  don't me
momma didn't raise no bitch but she did raise a very bad decision maker
i'm either sick or have violent fucking allergies
i hate being a senior can i just skip to being a working man with a fat ass bank account??
after losing out on millions   idiots
retweet if you fuck with this!!!!
why do y'all wanna use the n word so fucking bad
north carolina won!!! fuck yeah!!!
my boyfriend annoying ass always want somebody to cook for him
i'm calling the fucking police!
if your mama or grandtee had her pursed snatched in south oak cliff anywhere between -1986   hat's  was me  my bad
what the bloody hell is this ??!
that's fuckin annoying bcuz wrights void on mine too
i'm going to acknowledge my privileges and call the ignorant idiots out who perpetuate colorism out
let me clarify we were freshmen so       idiots
shock! three end draws entered  three times i've been jibbed  fucking jokers!
hey i've got an idea  quit talking to fucking russians  problem solved!
some of you annoying ass  men  need to look through this and take notes
agreed  fucking cock tease!
naahh it's fucked !! we must be doing som wrong !!! it's fucked either ways
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
now i feel sick now maddie gotta get her ass beat
instagram needs to locate this person and do something  this is fucking crazy  i feel so disgusted
fucking hate it when im napping n people calls me  mampos siang sia aku terkejut psl org call
i get on a roll when i havent been on in a while  if &amp; his ugly ass ignorant supporters can yap  so can i
i just ate  where the hell is  world hunger ??fucking moron
congrats to my bestie for hitting million sibscribers! so damn crazy!
this is fucking disgusting yt  i have become a patreon and i hope all fans that can do to
all evil bastards
yo nigga always fucking choose !
nigga i'm from vegas   you don't got it that bad lmfao
i hate a mice head nigga that want a bitch all to they self but be micen like a mf
anything for ratings and to be talked about  idiots
[pic] jacket shooting scenes in melon magazine (5)
the number angel shows are gonna be fucking wiiiiild!! opening in sf &amp; ny with joining in n
having deadbeat ass parents is the fucking worst
i hate bitches that say this
what idiot called it genealogy and not  getting your roots done ?
this is my 'omg why the fuck have i got the trots at this hour when i need to sleep' face!!!!
rt if u wanna fuck ! !!
bruh you fucking up !!!! tf you doing mane?
is an inappropriate idiot
who's the sick bastard in scheduling that had the leafs face the caps on the nd night of a back-to-back? i just want
we urgently need to elain how this asshole was oppressed by brutal uzbek regime and hence stepped on the
ukwon [singing  but the camera isnt centred on him]me where he at bitch
getting a crush is so inconvenient!!! like bitch im supposed doing this paper but now im thinking abt what u kissing my
you haven't done anything  but divide this country  create fear &amp; make us look like idiots to the world  p s  -
that belt buckle is still fucking ugly though
ah  twitter replies  never underestimate their ability to remind u why u should be miserable as fuck even when you're an optimist
i fucking hate that im always overthinking
i hate to tell you this  ghost boss    but     crawfish do not have dicks !! ha ha ha ha ha ha ha heeheehee
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
i'm so sick of niggas in suits and ties  making stupid ass decisions that affect the lives of millions
four idiots
niggas is deadass pathetic asf like if you don't wanna be faithful then don't be in a relationship and leave nigga
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
my st q  why can't you trillion dollar retards find &amp; hit valid targets?  any bullshit answers lose a star on their uni
as if tuition fees have gone up  250  fucking outraged
hr   call your members of congress  this is nothing but evil  make the damn call  people
nah u can keep that nasty ass tap water
idk wtf people are hating on but the hell with y'all!! i support all the way forever!!!!
hell then i'm a bad actor  my character is always out of character
i fucking hate taco bell but del taco is life with them rollers
yeah  uconn women's basketball team didn't score in '07 not even fuckin close    idiots
this album had some fucking bangers!!!
me trying to be patient with annoying ass customers
lil mama bad as hell
trust me can't wait to get it done it's nippy as fuck now so when it's mapped it'll be evil
oh hell no we want u gone and your stinking family we hate u the world hates u
i'm calling the fucking police!
im sick asl this nigga tee grizzley at renni and i aint
i hate when a song reminds me of someone i give fucks about
me lo re imagino a someone diciendo bloody hell estoy llroando
i immediately regret my decision wearing a onsie to come to maccies getting the worst looks like i dont know i look like a twat
i fucking hate my body im fucking ugly and disgusting and nobody is helping im turning off my fucking phone bye
i think its time not to blame the coaches  our players are fucked up!!!
sick of being sick  one of those years where i have gotten every damn germ that i've come in contact with
trump is evil  and if u support him still now u bet your ass you're evil too
ongoro ditches odm and reveals the filthy rot in raila odinga s party! it is a hell hole
you had an opinion? how fucking dare you?!?
i'm not saying i saw that coming episodes ago  i'm just saying i'm not an idiot
wonder if all those dumbass idiots feel stupid about believing all the fake news stories
what the hell is going on?? you can't do this?they've already built houses in there! sickening!
sometimes you gotta serve looks just to remind these hatin ass bitches why they hate you
i am beyond disgusted  livid  don't fucking test me
and what type is this? the retarded one ah
i walk around my school untouchable &amp; all the bitches that don't like me just sit around and hate
is too heavy!!!! eye cream is not re-packaged heavy moisturizer!!! not everything in the goddamn world is a gimmick!!!!
zangief is fucking terrifying
you idiots don't deserve me
remember when we thought stefan would either build a room for the girls or propose and his idiot ass was like nah i'll d
im so fucking shook i cant  wait!!!
oh the republicans are outraged that the democrats plan to filibuster gorsuch  remember judge garland? karma is hell isnt it?
part analysis of the broadcom wifi eloit affecting apple ios devices is bad ass https/
to bad the -70 or gtr is a luxury sedan bitch
do you see what happens when idiots like you don't help us remove the thief ???
yeah! i wish all the idiots that promised to leave  would for once keep their w
where the bad bitches named deposit funds at
is talking to me about basketball and she says  she made the goal  this is the fucking reason she doesn't watch sports!!
i hate when people get mad at little/stupid stuff  shits annoying
hate a nigga who done been with everybody     i can't even brag about you
this idiot is even trolling a trump thread about wounded warriors  literally all he does all day every day is troll trum
like i say every week  debbie is fucking insane
yo i really hate when my friends ask wyd around 30 to 30 on mon-fri  like nigga working like always  lmfao
[!!] wondering who listens to ?according to melon people in their s followed by s of which % = females
'i was shocked at content' - parent of utc pupils doesn't recognise damning ofsted findings
how he dare to say this      who is thia idiot !!!!! taal thok k
this is what you voted for you fucking moron  why do you think gibraltar voted % remain?
hundreds of men have grown a inch dick by using this one weird trick that doctors don't want you to know! try bumbledick!
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
seriously hate fucking wasting my days off inside doing nothing
consider the possibility that we are led by idiots
this is so fucking inhumane
idiot  it took years to develop these outcomes   idiot
some cruel bastard has dressed a horse up as paul nuttall
shits stupid dude  they got blacks hating whites hating muslims  jesus this allah that  all bullshit
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
mine is fat ass but i still control myslf some guys will see brezz and start behaving like idiots
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
bad ass streetstyle raven skull necklace - boho mens jewelry via
what the hell happened to vanmarcke?!? looked like he rolled a tub or something   terrible for svm
i have shared this with everyone i know  walking around like an idiot shoving my phone in p
what are the fucking chances of meeting my estranged father of yrs at my fucking job!?!
i hate seeing girls upset about a nigga cause i know that hurting feeling but a nigga gone be a nigga   god don't sleep  pic
you are a loser !!! fuck off to barca!!!!
females that start talking like a baby when their man is around is hella fucking annoying
how i sleep at night knowing that i make you bitches sick and y'all hate me
i'm sick i ain't even know that nigga rocked bobby boucher jersey from water boy
this fatuous idiot believes all he has to do is issue an order
she called trump supporters idiots and recommended voting against trump on election day
damn i hate when i realize there's no damn liga on my wrist when i want to put my hair up
i hate to have our weaknesses with a living  but the idiot world from itself
clay can you just finish the damn fucking tapes !!!!???
over + retards retweeted this nonsense
the grab them by the pussy doctrine is going to prove disastrous  you can hear it in his nuke rhetoric  if we have them
anyone have feelings for someone who has no idea? ayye  it's fucking awful
about to be thoroughly entertained by stories of these retarded fat prom houses
im saying those are my fav features on any person u stupid bitch
can everyone stop tweeting and spoiling shit in reasons why!!!!!!!!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
football would drive you insane  i'm getting fucking blitzed tonight! brutal
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
years ago when i was in college these idiots wouldn't ever find one job  today they're rampant  that's what tenure is go
dj zinhle has tried out lightskinned niggas and they both failed miserably
i wait patiently to see my lover kill some bad bitches
can i jut go one day without people having me fucked up  please!!! maybe my birthday
pepsi is nasty tasting and who the fuck are these fkrs plastic  celebs
i wanna be badder than the bad bitch i already am
hopefully there's lots of retards tweeting that's a bad thing  nothing will show trump like ww3 and th
it's so fucking annoying  she always does it so i just gave up getting over it now but
they are quite literally fucking barking mad!!
bitches so stupid i just be telling them i got a gf because that's when they appreciate your time
if u cuff a girl who cheated on her mans w u u retarded af
i be a bad bitch when i have my bob in
i'm convinced everyone is fucking retarded
i swear i can never do anything it's so fucking annoying
i want tacos so fucking bad!!!!!!!
[] winner - fate number for melon mnet naver
look at this fuckin retard
stop it  survivor is fucking terrible
goddamn teenagers get on my fucking nerves!!
fuck the wait but holy shit season is so hype!!!!!!! wabbalubbadubdub!!!!
again why would u block someone if ur just gonna go lurk on their page u fucking moron
look at that nasty ass greasy hair
trum p is stupid as hell he will never help the working man his sheep have been conned trump is a liar nothing but
a smorgasboard of dick sucking  face fucking and oral service! !
if the idiot son-in-law deposes the insane racist  that's an improvement
bloody fucking hell
thou shalt not put words in god's mouth  you bigoted bible humper! shut your fucking face!
its bcz idiots of highest order were allowed to become the cm
harris is the biggest prick out here i legit hate u rn
nah  y'all niggas sickening
my two moodsx games modes &amp; emo ass bitch who looks like evil kermit with her hood on
that's an horrific comment to make hell of a ride!! come on nico
it fuckih retarded its the instrumental
i wanna beat his ass so bad
i'm naturally vulgar y'all know this but you still said you like cock in your throat so l
these idiots still use that lock/key analogy when it comes to men and women having sex
terrible  and heartbreaking  still pissed at some in the tucson media for the way they eloited this over the last
people date some ugly ass boring ass folx just because they're skinny
i hate when i forget to press send and i'm sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
she's fuckgin terrible i adore her  spiteful asshole
yo i fucking hate bryce can he get the hell off my screen
x marks the idiot spot    he's
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
how do you like being called out as a cheap-shot pussy by thornton huh? cowards like you make me sick
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
wowwwww y'all kids today are retarded
does rain make people stupid? learn how to fucking drive please
if a hood nigga get crazy about you it's over you his everrrrrrrr!
if this was onscreen i just hit a fuckin nasty ass clip
is so fucking sick dude
hail fucking state!!!
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
whenever i get in my feelings me arreglo and i remember what a bad bitch i am y se me pasa
seven fucking days ! ! ! seven fucking days ! ! ! seven fucking days ! ! ! seven fucking days ! ! ! seven fucking days ! ! ! seven fucking d
reason why these bitches secretly hate me
!!! fuck u!!!!
but if nothing bad happened then hell i'd even give up yearsi still have to ask my dad what the hell was going on though
getting a crush is so inconvenient!!! like bitch im supposed doing this paper but now im thinking abt what u kissing my
i fucking hate sleeping alone after i been drinking
i'm fucking dying!!!!!
between the look on the interviewers face and these damn memes  i'm so sick
if you get cyber bullied  you're a faggot and deserve it  your stupid ass stayed on the computer and cried all night h
i hate your ugly ass for ignoring me i'm blocking you
he got fucked up!
or  hey  maybe retconning captain america into a nazi is bad for sales
game day!!! zag the hell up!!!!!!!!!
i refer to them as   fucknutz   as in   hey fucknutz it's a -way  fucking go  now!
niggas are so nasty  wash your damn hands after using the bathroom
mike you're an idiot even your liberal cnn says that the prez was spied
i hate you poe ahh south florida niggas      instead of trying get paid and make something shake for ya fam you want to beef with niggas
beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
ron paul is a god damn joke who has no business being in politics!!! what a fucking moron!!!
bitch you a swoop and i hate you and i regret ain't play ya
hate these type of bitches man
boys are assholes but girls can be evil
i'll never knock a nigga for trying that's insane dawg!
nigga whomstd do you think are insulting starbucks like that
you are fucking disgusting and rape isnt something you should joke about  i hope blocks your troll ass
you idiot
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
s/o dat fuckin' adam space camp sick af!!
i'm pissed pottermore sorted me into gryffindor  boring ass  ravenclaw&gt;gryffindor  and my patronus is a magpie  a fucking magpie  fml
say no !! trudeau the useless idiot pm has to go !!
latinos who think they're woke by choosing coke over pepsi and not knowing how bad coke has screwed latin america
[debut] winner 'fool'   pm kst update bugs genie olleh melon naver soribada mnet
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
after  investigating  russia interfered us elec 4months w/o one shred of evidence  suddenly idiot says  it
u forget these ugly ass dude
isis  us being run by an idiot'
he can fuck off!!!!
i just came from a filthy ass house  the girl blames it on having kids  i have a newborn and my house is spotless soooooooo
i hate bartenders with shitty ass attitude   they get tf on my nerves
sleep is for the weak! i will camp on melon tonight!! jk i need to sleep
do you know who i am? im a fucking pubic figure!!1!
statement of the weekwhat are we not everything for everybody what are we one bad ass place for those of you
idiotic but also an insult to slaves!
i hit one month of unemployment gosh i really fucking hate myself
know kristie  i was grateful for that  and hoped to god that matt didn't say anything stupid or pop a boner in front of her   your
can you please tell me why the bloody hell am i paying  23 for something every month that never works???
getting a crush is so inconvenient!!! like bitch im supposed doing this paper but now im thinking abt what u kissing my
brutal makes her pussy flow
chippie's banana chips &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; everything else  end of  st  mary's banana chips are nasty and you can still taste the oil
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
you have no idea how much i hate school  but damn we all got goals ya know
it's so sunny but it's freezing fucking cold  how?!
just a couple bad bitches | | | | | |
jacob jacob jacob is a fucking icon legend legend legend!1!1!!
you should be gassed to stop your retard gene
damn snapchat spectacles r so sick
never argue with a bitch you can kill by just stepping out on your worst day we both know why that bitch mad sis
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
nigga was getting filthy on they ass
it shouldn't take a tv show to prove that bullying/suicide/depression is a real fucking thing!!!!!
i grabbed a steak and almost stuck it into my heart to commit suicide  i was so fucking depressed!
to all those idiot libs that said this wasn't going to happen  once again you're proven wrong!
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
these goatfuckers are beyond belief  and as for the idiots allowing them access into what was a civilised society  renders
hr   call your members of congress  this is nothing but evil  make the damn call  people
fuck you and die an oral history of something awful
lets fucking go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! congrats on the button and all the hard work that you have overcome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i think i just got stung in the ass by a bee  i feel bad for the person who has to help me find out
eing argentina's supposed  world class  players messi carried these retards to three consecutive finals  unbelievabl
i hate the elevators at my job i swear those mother fuckers close within secs
i fucking hate being around people that are so toxic  it rubs off on me and makes me feel horrible
my name is junie b jones  the b stands for bad bitch but i just like junie  unless it's saturday
where's the humanity of this administration &amp;this pestilent flock of sick gop birds shitting all over our america  our
yep but retards don't care  then once you've pushed the spawn it gives your retarded team mates the time to cap the flag
why you gotta bring these nasty ass crackers into my timeline thread mill
chelsea are the vladimir klitschko of football and i am fucking sick of klitschko
bloody hell kevin  the air drums didn't do anything bad to you
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
[photos/official] singer dara doing her duet with han jae seok for  one step  ost~ ^^
i hate when people call a girl a hoe like leave her alone jesus christ its her freaking life  dont say anything unless shes hur
then go up a fucking weight class and don't be stupid
sick of all this photoshop  show me an ass with some stretchmarks
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
holy fuck please read !!!!
yeah fucking stupid to say
can't stand a slutty stupid ass girl bro  hoes have no morals nowadays
isis  us being run by an idiot'
my mama ain't never had these ugly mary j blige ass shoes
wtf south africa?? what the hell are you doing lifting the ban on rhino horn sales??? outrageous &amp; stupid
letter carrier encounters the insane kitty from hell (video)
majority vote rules! never gv n2 dems! bury/dstroy vicious violent riotous dem prty! hell w/mccain-graham-grt exmpls4term limits!
gah damn you bad af
my mum shouldn't have told me about someone saying 'i've gained weight' because now i feel fucking bad
i could fucking neverrrrrrrrrrrr!!!
in the preview of batgirl &amp; the birds of prey   canary joins a fight club! crap  weren't supposed to say that
why is it often the case that the frontman is like freddie!!! the bloody unassuming shy guy!!!
this idiot is even trolling a trump thread about wounded warriors  literally all he does all day every day is troll trum
i just picked up a -7-10 split and didn't fucking record it!
hezbollah is bad but is an arm of iran  sunni salafist jihadis are a
reuters islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
im seeing hella articles but where is the fucking pepsi advert!?!?!
and your trash if you let your niggas get to your head and make your girl look stupid
i hate when niggas be broke w/ no dreams or aspiration but voice opinions   shut up  brokey
thou shalt not put words in god's mouth  you bigoted bible humper! shut your fucking face!
i'm going to kill you this is the worst joke you've ever made and a thousand fucking people have reacted to it
if you got on timbs today you fucking stupid ain't no motherfucking way bitch!
fake ass justin bieber!!!! cmoon jeffie
tlr if being called names is the worst you've faced since /8  you should be counting your fucking blessings https
not being homophobic here     but uhhhhhhhhhhh i think the fuck not you trick ass bitch!!!!
they done fucked all the way up!!!!!!
whoever runs this twitter account  tell everyone at ea to eat their nans! fucking dickheads! die in an offic
i'm just an idiot but i'm on the ground    i can bring you home
bloody hell a war with spain! we must be completamente locos!
[fanart] i hope my damn self disappears |
oh my god  i feel so fukin bad for the people in your life  you're actually an idiot
because one of them doesnt have a moustache you fucking idiot
the worst people on reasons why are courtney fucking crimson and that fuckwad marcus
i hate when people complain for getting hate about something that they choose to do while my transgender ass gets assaulted and hate for -
i refuse to be a baby mama i hate them hoes with a passion
justice for bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! plz sign
that's fucked up!
normani did u rest? bad bitches needs to
her suit was built by bird aliens  you fucking idiots men my ass
is fucking retarded
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
is this a real fucking quote
this idiot rear ended us and drove us i hate people
johnson bademosi is bad ass
[info]   (coloring book) just debuted on melon (7pm kst)
i'm calling the fucking police!
yes this is fucking crazy!!! sorry you can't differentiate between platonic and romantic/sexual relationships
sonic the derphog showdown of the idiots
plymouth rock is in pennsylvania   er somethin jerma  plymouth rock is in plymouth rock  massachusetts you fucking idiot
my head ass two years ago was like omg tattoos are bad piercings are bad drugs are bad alcohol is bad and me now is like haha
please dont be yosuke  what the fuck bro thats disgusting ew get away from me  hanamura all over again
&amp; his basket of idiots need go! syria's in crisis &amp; this jerk is in bed w/russia &amp; can't stop it!
yooooooooo! fucking ill!!!!!!!!!
here comes all the stupid ass  the office  jokes
i was used as a guinea pig (never had to take it tho) and i remember everyone saying  do bad so they wont switch  http
figuring out how to build on shitty bill that takes health coverage from m ppl by *pricing sick people out of insurance*
lmaooo i forgot about them trash ass hoes my bad
hell nah that boy ugly as hell with dreads
he showed my computer on hete watching the fucking hate
rosa parks   annoying ass school
fucking get in  reds!
i'm going to steal your stupid ass bike
how i'm i not suppose to be sad by this!? damn it is want to see this show!
i am lividddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!!!! holy effin' shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i am so pissed!!!!!!!!! omgggg!!!!! bryce  you fucking shit head!!!!!
clearly % actually hate fucking them too
listening to the bible on this ugly ass day
we are going to war cause this idiot wanted to drop bombs on a country
idiots who feed on race baiting to justify their existence
sometimes i'll cut a jawn off just for being so damn stupid
fucking boooooooooooom!!!! u sixers boom! u nuggets/heat over boom! u pacers/cavs over boom! -4 today!!!!!
hey imbecile gtfo my page idiot
i bet that idiot won't say a damn thing about ordering a syrian airstrike after    https/
den of corruption brennan   clapper &amp; obama spying on us  these idiots make putin &amp; hillary looks like pikers
don't worry about it! do what you want  not these self entitled idiots
that so called bff of hers is a pathetic jealous baby bitch
joel corry in eden!? what's next?  fucking m a d playing a gig in sax!?
i'd hit every idiot who annoys me with a steel chair
if it were not for immigrants  you'd have nothing but your daughter  or your fist to fuck !!! moron !!!
i'm a bad bitch you can't kill me
niggas that run they mouth be the worst!! everybody don't gotta know what we talk about or be on
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
the worst!!! rt  fucking hate when i buy a train ticket and these fuckers don't check it
talking about prom   cam have you ordered a croissant?  she's an idiot
if they're gonna be idiots imma answer for you  no
yes thank you! any idiot can 'order' missles to be fired
dawg  stupid ass got a cat
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
anybody who has been on the wrong side of suicide can agree - reasons why is the worst goddamn show
wonder if any of these kids were waiting at the airport to board for us before trump's stupid fucking travel ban ki
i ain't giving no fellatio tosave nobody's life  y'all nasty asses just wanna hear who give head that's all
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' agreed! via
they cancel school a day before bad weather comes through now  they used to have our lil dumbasses in the hallways lik
having to chase up rsvps for the wedding isn't fucking annoying in the slightest
that's a bad motherfucker
[pann] heol eppis  we're on melon's hall of fame!!!
hey! texas  i like you and all  but yall majorly fucked up today!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
how did these idiots get admitted to universities
from  agency and the gig economy don t be an idiot
my nigga simba went from bad mon to battybwoy  what world is this??
april fools is a fucked up day! it gives cause to asshole to have someone tell their aunt  to tell their kids that they died
bro  idc these type of asses are sick
i would've beat her ass sooooo mf bad
passing thought what's wrong with these damn kids today!!?
now   the very bad ass with  the beginning
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
even if he was  that's not a wolf! it's a fucking pot plant!
this is the worst emergency room i have ever been to i just want to get the hell out of here
[!!!] stays at no  for the melon at pm kst
this is fucking devastating
i hate being on the bus with no headphones and nappy ass niggas be brushing their hair tryna get waves  sounds like niggas
pathetic  i hope the law student sues the hell out of them for discrimination
do you know who i am? im a fucking pubic figure!!1!
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
this nigga is a predator that makes terrible music lock him up forever
i wish k would drop another d wade but they being fucking idiots
insane sticky note prank! he was pissed
please list everyone &amp; everything you hate in your bio so i know what a fucking delight you are
i ate a banana and an orange but i want something really bad for you
um   sadie is a fucking idiot
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
christianity has it's retards as well
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
i fucking hate k because i suck
he's fucking terrible
bloody hell it's like watching that movie
tucker schooled this fake ass snowflake! his life is forever !
it's impossible to hate on slim  don't even try bitch boy
why did i agree to go out &amp; make errands with my annoying ass mom
hope she gets locked the fuck up  planned and calculated murder is the worst offense  didn't do it but the planning is horrible
this is my th tweet  told you retards it's not a bot
we  org utagha  never pronounce gula as gulaq  apa as apaq &amp; put q at the end of every word  stop  talking  like  idiots
mylene so annoying  i wish zeke stop chasing after her ass
yall niggas look like idiots holding your girls hand at the gym tbh
me when that ugly ass furry abnormal titan started speaking
i just had the urge to put ranch on my spaghetti and frankly i think that's fucking disgusting and i hate myself
don't tell me to hit you up and then hit me with a boring ass convo
fucking pathetic
don't be a bad bottom  practice your skills  once you know how to ride a dick  you'll feel that slut power
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
sea sick (prod ) by peso on i just poured a eight bitch i'm stupid
these bad ass kids be needing they ass whooped  it build character and respect
i used to hate this   crack used to always be all out   had to fix my pants every mins   them damn drawstring pants man
a lot of you bitches really ugly everybody just know y'all
when home from work  gonna stream my ugly ass until bedtime
buddy ass hoes still wearing flats   i hate flats bruh
bro i hate when females wanna talk to me about their nigga or their ex  bitch i'm not montel williams
if you don't want your girl lookin like a snack go get you a ugly bitch and keep it pushin
my friends  whenever i'm too fucked up i text my ex something stupid or cry  me
i feel this bitches are annoying ain't they
rasist     this idiot should be prosecuted
stop looking guys  i found the worst fucking take
that match was fucking insane    all the pedigrees! you guys are warriors   i need to go to
knock that eression off your fucking nerd face!!!
stupid bullshit was why i had no time for either campaign and didn't vote  not upset or
you are an idiot &amp; an embarrassment to britain
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
stop with the nasty visuals you re fucking with me not orton
i hate being upset all the time all the fuckin time all the time
lmfao me &amp; my friends!!!! damn idiots
milan fans on instagram are idiots
why not just try and help me out this stupid ass situation
today is friday !i will now allow these idiots at work to stress me out
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
fuck yeah mafia!!!mm me there!
bad bitch she a savage take her to the mall and buy her something
either they were like  'this chick is so stupid' or they were like 'what is that word and how the hell do you pronounce it?!'
isis calls president trump  an idiot who does not know what syria or iraq or islam is
my head hurts so fucking bad &amp; im just now getting home from work i just need sleep &amp; some dick tbh
yeah fuck that bitch babe !!! i got you!!!   who do i got to run up on
your husband is a fucking idiot
i like into the badlands but come on we got shit to talk about!!! shiva for kill of the week! badass!!!
focus on a fight drop a mark you ********* idiots
as soon as i see that lying idiot i change to msnbc or even cspan - how can
fuck yes! i want that!!
'if cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty  cruel little bastards they are  style  that's what people remember'
stfu stupid ass idiot
if you think these wars are about freedom your an idiot
you know your ad is bad when it pisses off every side of every ideological debate
i don't think he did anything bad intentionally  he's just a shitty counselor
gabriel on !!! now we are fucked along with mustafi they are two of the worst cb in the league
kansas for my birthday!!! power and lights district is going to be fucking poppin'!!
and those stupid bitches are applauding him for it???
actually disgusting how minging i look in any photo thats not taken by me   catfish
oh she'd get wrecked in the streets  she'd feel bad when playing call of duty kicked that national guard ass
we're literally going to die because of this stupid ass president
the fruit of the fox/limbaugh tree  their hate and misery just needed a focus  the airwav
bad ass jam from of
everyone's always fucking switching up on me!
i'll comment  stupid bitch
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
we dont hate you we're just bitches sometimes
bad bitch alert
i hate hoes
please tornados go away i have plans to be a bad bitch tonight
he paid $200 to have our pictures from him proposing but we can't do anything with them bc we're too fucking ugly
memes of arthur and dw like this  is fucked up  they are siblings!!
no wonder today's students graduate with over $100k in debt with idiots like the crea
y'all are some disgusting ass people
hmu with some people are like  i hate this person  so they block them so they can bitch about them
people are dumb af in these jurassic park movies! just screaming knowing damn well not to because it attracts attention!!
all ur bad eyebrows do is show me that u have shitty friends
i'm so fucking clingy and needy i hate myself sm
narrrrrr get out has fucked my head  what an insane movie
robin clair cummings column let's talk     about when you're too sick to talk // via
i'm so fucking mad!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! how are we going to cope
watch me on the  homophobic? i'll kick your fucking ass!
wtf  why must my cousin prolong all the fucking time  be pissing me off!!
i hate bitches that always wanna argue
martin luther king would be disgusted with cummings
the way these niggas hate i hope they get a check for it
damn twitter drama  just terrible
well to bad i don't want to be in your bullshit graded heaven system
all they need to bomb is isis  get rid of those idiots once and for all
sarcasm the ability to insult idiots without them knowing
you wanna know the worst part about twitter? fucking geography
happened again im retarded
oil suffocated nig economy  generated greed  fed regional jealousy  funded terrible regimes  started a war  oil dreams wrecked
nah tell bitches they ugly
the bitch driving this hybrid was annoying tf out of me
niggas who eat cookies n cream hate themselves
y'all niggas so damn stupid i hate y'all
peeps are fucking awful don't me
why is this my boyfriend his ole ugly ass
so what the fuck was yall using before??!?!?!
hoes flexin  get a lil &amp; makeup &amp; now she   but if i come slap da fuckery off ya face &amp; strip yo ass  wat u gone be ? a ugly broke hoe
fuck u for being the snitch for the pakistani gov!! congrats u now have blood on your hands!
omfg omfg im having a   idfk!!! i just know my mind is fucking blown!!!
the fucking hardy boyz at wrestlemania and won wtf!!!!
yeah it's the fucking worst and now i just pick something i suck at like genji instead of wasting mercy energy
brutal killers they will burn in hell for there actions
the traffic on crosstimbers is so fucking annoying
been with the shits allllllll weeeek  i'm sick of y'all
and you bitches have the guts to say that markson is dead!!! markson rules!!!
fuck ump! i am so damn happy!!!!hot damn!!!!!
pull up shit will be lit asf!!!!!!!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
fucking loosers par de gonorreas los dos! ni a cual irle !
clap his nasty ass
i think niggas just tryna help yo sexually frustrated ass out
they said they coming in the morning get a fucking ride!!!!!
i really hate t*ye for having me listen to this ratchet ass music
you're an uninformed idiot and disgrace to your race
bitch do your fucking homework!
don't feel bad about not cooking for niggas who won't let you eat off their plate while y'all out
franco's fascist cunts!!! fuck you     apu atletico!!!
toni romiti always got me feeling like a bad bitch
do you ever just sit in class and start thinking about the twins and your sitting there just smiling like an idiot
islamic state to usa trump an idiot
i fucking hate spoons  i use a fork for everything except cereal
so demorats want this sharia barbarian slavery for women     idiots    never vote demorat      they are against the constitut
yeah  marchand just slashed a guy in the gooch so bad i just put on a cup to watch the rest of this game  insane
cause my money running like forest gump these niggahs hate me like i'm donald trump
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
i used to play paintball  so i could hunt idiot humans
bad ass night
damn &amp;  bad things
april fools day isn't for me cause i'm the fucking worst at lying
shut the f**k up!! why do you keep this idiot if his contract is up soon please don't renew it
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
disgusting  and niggas was in here laughing
i hate donald trump and his ugly man looking ass wife
another know nothing idiot who has no business in government  he's on the  gotta go
this is fucking insane
why can't you figure it out that you look fuckin' stupid in that fuckin' snapchat filter ?
people are honestly fucking retarded if you think x did that to his ex lmaoo
these are so fucking sick
the fact that we know chameleons exist means they r worthless idiot failures
it doesnt go thefuck on pizza!!!
i'm so stupid i washed my hair and noticed it was all knotty and nasty and i realized i washed it with fucking soap
dude when did i tell you to message for k    fucking smh fucking hate people like this  you
national fucking champs baby!!!!
bitches don't know if they wanna hate or be friends
if anyone blames cooper for tonight's defeat is an idiot
you just might be retarded at this point
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
pocahontas is boring  bitch bye
don't u hate when bitches think they kno everything &amp; forever think we lien ?
oh helll naw jd done fucked up times!!!
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
this is fucking sickening  will people stop defending islam after this?
this wont be a bargaining chip  that won't be a bargaining chip crap! everything will be a bargaining chip  give them fuck all
why is my boyfriend sleeping on the fucking floor?!!
i hate you i'll beat rice gums ass any day of the week
that sounds like a threat  or maybe he's just an idiot that can't eress himself
the her app is fuckin annoying tbh lmaoo
trump fucking stupid
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
um not even an hour into april fools day i got fucking rick rolled i hate all of my friends
hell yeah!! get watkins the fuck outta here!!!
isis calls president trump  an idiot who does not know what syria or iraq or islam is
hey im going to give you flu in a needle so you dont get flu  i wont get flu if people stopped fucking breathing their shitty needle crap
when a journalist can be fooled by an idiot like devin nunes then that journalist has lost all credibility
i hate when people call a girl a hoe like leave her alone jesus christ its her freaking life  dont say anything unless shes hur
bs bhut ho gya  learn to control your aggression as it may result in anger
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
son stop watching my twitter i hate hoes in my business
the biggest idiot of all times  his stupidity keep growing
how to trick an idiot
i hate someone who lie all the damn time! like bitch
don't ask me you're the that's an idiot
i still find myself turning into a bumbling idiot when i talk to her
didn't think the fuckwit osborne could stoop any lower  bought and paid for by uber  shocking!!!!!!
once you give his pussy up you worthless
how this idiot managed iit? he must have done dharna and drama to get in there  leader of a
courtney can go away too god damn i hate that bitch
rt if you're sick of these nazis
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
mine  dec  you're a fucking idiot  do you know that?  (said with a smile)found myself dancing on the spot w
if anyone has a nazi haircut it is hannity  he makes me sick
fabolous lost to vic mensa stupid ass bracket
i wanna be reborn in a bad bitch
conversation over   u hate ur kids and would drop them for flaky pastry lookin whiteys
quote me with a word you'd use to describe the beauty of this bad bitch ?
living alone is like hell i hate it  esok nak tengok fifth harmony
may the evil witch thatcher rot in hell now and forever
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
tons of stupid fucking rules and cancerous decks  don't get into it you'll hate your life  unless you're into -3 turn games
says idiot covering eyes and ears shouting  la la la  whenever or
i think a coalition can be formedbush who was idiot did it for iraq when every m
u ugly ass cunt
cnn is so damned stupid they do not know pakistan is not ukraine  hong kong is not in south america!
i saw that yesterday i fucking hate this school
that was an ugly ass game but i'll fuckin take it!!!!! fuck you charles barkley!!!!!
this nigga even deleted his rant too he was trying to make folks feel bad for tweeting these stuff now he wanna hav
this trump idiot should think why assad would use chemical weapons us can bomb him
why does the media care about this idiot
people make me fucking sick
worst edit i've ever seen what the fuck
idk if i can watch cartoon network today with these damn googly eyes  i know it's april fool's day but this is hella annoying
shits so annoying omg
it just started storming here really bad  the wind knocked over a flower pot and about scared the crap out of me  and now the powers out yay
i added a video to a playlist car rants &amp; idiots around me ep2
every woman  this is a thing that happens and we hate it this fuckin gu
fucking asshole! there is something really really wrong with this man!!!
so fucking lit! locksmith - freestyle on shade w/ kay slay
(coloring book) real-time chart (11pm kst)- melon  (+17) - naver  (+14) - genie  (-2) - bugs  (-) - o
imagine being that annoying and that fucking ugly  and wasting your time with that   cannot relate  thank go
nazi captain america  was  a  bad  idea
i noticed i just assumed you were retarded
so you niggas be doing fraud &amp; risking y'all freedom just for some designer &amp; rentals y'all is fucking stupid with no
what is the solution to the epidemic? stop being a retard &amp; use your brain
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
i have no sympathy  please put an end to this brutal bullshit
i couldn't even watch the damn video like how are some people so cruel
yeen even gotta have nun   niggas will still hate on you
somebody be mine &amp; don't have me outchea looking fuckin stupid
who the fuck did this?!?!?!
still can't believe that's who they had taker pass the torch too  god damn i hate when vince is gonna carry out his vision at all costs
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
this fucking horrible mixture of lord of the flies and borstal and hell of lost bad boys  and the fear and panic when they turn into donkeys
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' - cairo (reuters) - islamic state said on tuesday the united st
it shouldn't take a tv show to prove that bullying/suicide/depression is a real fucking thing!!!!!
yeah  easter eggs are fucking terrible  they're made from the lowest quality cho- oh  carry on then
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
you fucking  disrespectful  stupid  bitch
resilient idiots are very dangerous in schools  aaron tate at
niggas be fighting their homie over pussy that shits so sick to me
if you a gemini i fuck w you know you or not   we family !!!
happening now getting my butthole brutally punch fucked at in berkeley
- bad bitches and ya ugly ass friends -
are you beefin   coolin   or waiting for a bitch to act stupid ?
what idiot named them jet skis instead of boatercycles
why the hell are these woman clapping? this is disgusting ! please take him out of office now
what happens when grim reaps the wrong woman? hell hath no fury
bad ass badger
look at this fuckin retard
i'm so fucking hyped for !!! so pumped for myboy uhhh suh dude
if he don't claim you stop fucking with him!!!!
[videos] las frases favs de holland son  not all monsters do monstrous things  y  what the hell is a stiles?
if you don't get up off yo ass  you ain gon fucking eat!
wtfffff why did fiona fuck mike's brother!!!! i hate her
i was pessimistic about brexit but not so pessimistic that i imagined we'd be talking war with - jesus bloody hell - spain t
girl hell no she a horrible ass teacher
just learned what the term woat means   worst of all time in case you idiots didn't know
shocking fucking defending again! williams?? robles fucking shite! work hard then defend like that!!??
buy another muslim cap brother  u r an idiot
fuck it up it its your birthday bitch!!!
stop wasting ur time on stupid boys &amp; take care of urself  since when a fuckboy give a damn abt u? that's why u gotta l
its not cod thats annoying  its these fucking stupid lobbies
fucking walters!!!!!!!! we should have had a penalty fuck off!!!!!!
who the hell is  like  ing this post? sick people
oh bloody hell - it's jinxed
fucking disgusting
dear your an idiot   give up your $$$ as well as u idiot give up your money! and
she's so fucking bad
me and my nigga dclarkbeentrill go stupid dumb crazy nah fr tho!!
dope ass shit!!!!!!
denny why you mad you miserable ol prick
you wanna know the worst part about twitter? fucking geography
hate when folk ask me questions that they already know the answers to   bitch what you fishing for ?
my annoying ass bus driver!
yeah  uconn women's basketball team didn't score in '07 not even fuckin close    idiots
wtf south africa?? what the hell are you doing lifting the ban on rhino horn sales??? outrageous &amp; stupid
i need to go cinema to watch  get out  before some idiot tells me everything that happens in it
my fucking life!!!!!
i wish you niggas learn to stop fw crazy bitches of you can't deal with come with ha ass !
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
the un released a damning report on pesticides that eed the industry's terrible tactics  details
how idiotic must you be to say something so heinous regarding an act of war? why is this idiot still on the air?
thank you chris murphy for your stand against trump's idiotic dictates &amp; edicts! our pre
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
i can't go anywhere or do anything bc everything reminds me of you i fucking hate you
and or i die and or become serum junkies -   rather self fucking terminate!     you'd do no such
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
i ain't never had soo much anger for just one person   like i just wanna beat yo ass bro
he said ima bad communication ass bitch well damn
bloody hell i didn't know that   christ tories will just say anything  dim
oksalayo ndithi fuck you!! thats from all the upcoming rappers  fuck you!!!
i might be a bad boy but i'm no fuckboy
you should want a bad bitch like this
trump declares war on the freedom caucus   proving he's a damn idiot!!
i wanna be where yo stupid ass at
miserable bastard me  still can't get over the fact we threw away points against a team that did fuck all for +mins
add fucking annoying
lukaku fucked that up! could have put mirralas through for -2
ugh the nerve pain is the fuckin worst! i had it really bad about a month ago and i don't wish that on anyone!
just to give stephen a smith a stage to be a fucking idiot (2/2)
i swear bailey gets fucking weirder every day!!!
stay away from unhappy ass people!!!
attitude nasty like your diseased pussy
bitches is sooooo annoying
all of them  incredibly stupid appaz  i'd rather be stupid than an arsehole though so there is that
finallyyyyyyyyy i'm fucking done wichu!!!!!! tyg
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
their readers are delusional idiots and time knows it
im so fucking blessed thx april !!!!! arrgrhhhh im ndjsjshxhshs cryigng sbshshshhx soemhtign inside of my just el
it's not that i don't like you it's just your a nasty ass girl and i don't fw that
literally sick of being made out to be some dickhead
boring people  fucking grayssim
jfc this bitch retarded af
you'r a fucking sheep i know !
eing argentina's supposed  world class  players messi carried these retards to three consecutive finals  unbelievabl
bruh when i say i hate my job i really fucking hate my job
idc what these bitches say i won't have my girl out here looking stupid
n the worst part is that's not what cops look like protests! where are the tanks? riot gear? tear gas? they whitewashed a fuckin protest
i fucced this nigga life up so bad he been sellin insents at /11 every since
trump hits obama after syrian gas attack what an idiot
with the two songs they've both been on drake out rapped butterfly boi foh idiot
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
omg i need tissues!not hank and wu! damn you evil forces!   watching grimm
today has been fucking awful  i want to curl up and die
seen hundreds of outraged posts/comments about this pepsi/jenner thing  still yet to see one link to what the hell it is though
jay z took all his albums off of ? this is terrible news  what do i do if i have problems but a bitch ain't one? get tidal?
what the hell is this crap?? one takes me to the_donald
sick bastard
[pann] heol eppis  we're on melon's hall of fame!!!
probably because dfw was giving him hell on his horrible darvish take after one game
your ignorant or an idiot you choose
terrible game worst game in ncaa history bullshit ref f carolina
come on you wasps raise your game fella's!!!
tit for tat - daughter judge made doubtful orders in gujrat encounter cases  now her father cm charged by cbi
hate when i want to reply to a dumbass tweet and don't because i know i get nothing out of it
i just need a swimsuit that doesn't ee my chest when i do a sick ass cannonball into the pool ya feel?
these things are always so damn stupid
(your so fucked up) /'i don't know vwhich end is up'~!
damn sick designs
delete your account  senator  blame your idiot majority leader for this
stop tweeting disgustingly innappropriate things about yoongi you fucking sick ass chimpanzee
bitches out here tryna turn they babies retarded
how do these people get tickets? beyond belief  fucking souvenir hunters  hate them
don't y'all hate when you see your friend gone off a nigga who won't even buy her a mcchicken if she was staving
will somebody please beat it into this idiot's head that history watched him steal the scotus seat from obama and garland
i hate the days i feel like fucking off  i can't afford those days or those feelings
she said   my bad i was sucking some dick
and bitch you still ugly so wassup wit the hands all that mouth
idiots that's not a stop sign  it's a yield sign
that i don't fucking have! so what's your point?
bad ass kart  brother!
let's just say i'm fucked off and leave it at that!
i fucking hate yall sm  jesus christ
idiot in charge trump we don t make mistakes [immediately makes a mistake] take it away ken  i'm chuck
people don't know the meaning of bloody loyalty nowadays! fuck off
cant wait to see you all at my fucking funeral tomorrow!!!!!!!
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' by via
these ugly ass people be having the highest confidence levels
fuck boys get money all day long!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if i wasn't sick i'd be at the graveyard chillin' w/ my niggas
shout out to the worst fucking counselor
(pointin to my wife vagina after unprotected sei didn t cum here to make friends i cummed here to make a family (the
i hate having to say this  but there's always that one idiot who needs to hear it   yoga does not cure lyme disease! a
lame ass niggas!!! i know he wasn't calling her them names to get her in that bed
wind yer neck in you village idiot !!on march nd over  000 voted against you and your sfira child killers       h
retweet if you fuck with this!!!!
this is fkdup! dogs all pit bulls on fkg kill list again! pets are not trash u idiots ! stop dmpg abandoning them! k
what do u think of the idiots that say trump became president for his bombing of airport ??
justice for bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! plz sign
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
today has been one bad ass day let me say is it beer thirty yet
fuck this heart and bring me beer!!! (at in irapuato  gto)
u leave one bad taste in my mouth u done for gud trust me im a bitch of my word
i wanna be where yo stupid ass at
i fucking hate you howww!!! what was the deal
this persons officially now a fool  dont debate or clown with idiots
no end these nasty nazi coalition bastards htt
that poor banana / in disgusted
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
oh my fucking god = rt ty baguette!
where's the  scream till i pass out  button? damn i hate these bastards! skin every one of them if i could!
oh my god  see there's a reason why people hate d and it's because the fanbase is so fucking annoying
he guesses? the president guesses? in this situation  the fucking idiot aka shouldn't be guessing
everyone's watching alex and this idiot fight and no one is doinganything these people are disgusting
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
and this is why you are an idiot ross
bitch just said i'm miserable bitch where?
i'm calling the fucking police!
[pic] jacket shooting scenes in melon magazine (1)
my bag of bad dragon toys has been named dildo baggins
trump is evil  and if u support him still now u bet your ass you're evil too
some women need to grow the hell up  it's so pathetic
take care of her cos shes sick or crippled yh ?
don't hmu when u get tired of ur boring hoe ur boring now too
rt if you have been calledugly worthless cunt bitch slut someone who supports bob bryar brat whore emo freak nerd monster w
what i'm fucking saying!
if your girl hates a bitch then you hate the bitch too
our crazy pres is tweeting again  what an idiot
trudeau the useless idiot pm has to go !!
he added me and was like  hey sugar  and i was like   hi milk  the idiot blocked me wtf!!!! we should have just made tea
this is so damn horrible and disgusting  how dare you all write something like this to a girl  anonymity shows true
stfu ppl video tape they damn podcast play stupid
did anyone elain to that blithering idiot () that he leads the minority party and that he should
sophie i could like report her stalkin ass to the policeme damn yours is that bad?
damn   why is your app so bad?!? everytime i search google for a topic the thread isn't found in the app!
hate when people call me and say  hi is this alex thompson  bitch no  since you illiterate bye
- i hate when i call somebody &amp; they txt me like   my phone bouta die txt me     umm no bitch charge it so i can talk to you tf !!!!
nbs yo too bad our couches folded on niggas
cannot wait to graduate and get away from all these bad vibes and shitty people
lose to fucking morons cause my teammate isnt in the party untill it goes -4 never again with misery
y'all hoes out here moving nasty  this world so dirty man!
discounting russia  hrc lost because she made some bad calls in three states  not bc she was the shittiest candidate to
hager responds to soper's piece  tldr you idiots can't read
what a fucking mockery of a fanbase!
and i don't have my headphones i hate when i forget them shits
their arguments hinge on the unelained gaps  and idiots fall for the narrative
when you see your man talking to that bitch you hate
reason why these bitches secretly hate me
the force awakens a bad lip reading  (featuring as han solo)
do u guys remember those annoying ass frogs that lived in my pool
growls in annoyance   that fucking bitch just woke me up!  but who was he speaking about?
don't hate you because niggas can't appreciate you
i need him to teach me how to fucking draw!
i fucking hate humans
kim wonsik's hair ohmygod its purple holy shit !!!!!!
done  with  the  term  thank you lord for this crazy yet fruitful term!!!
a lot of you bitches really ugly everybody just know y'all
saare song wqt bad bor ho jte h bt not in d cse of lv u bhai
you have to lick my balls mharti!what?! my chapped  bloody testicles mharti! i-i don't- i-i'm confused
i just need to be fucking already! days to go
you idiots are trying to screw us on the pick !?!?
nithin situatuion is too bad han before - sri manju movies
aliyah swear to god everybody stupid for a nigga but her
i ain't fucking around!
there aren't any daisy x chloe fics out there yet  i'm disappointed in my gays
this character is so fuckin' sick
legit  pat doesn't like a thing  my man boring as fuck
or  hey  maybe retconning captain america into a nazi is bad for sales
fuck it up k dot!!!
hi i would like to know if you have ever taken a fucking biology class in your terrible petty lives
my bitch so bad she look just like a powerpuff girl
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
stamp if my nigga want me to be nasty all he gotta do is play some partynextdoor &amp; it's a wrap
its like you nasty   i'm nasty baby we belong together  that lick my cum off her fingers type nasty &amp; i adore that
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
why in the hell are they releasing kangaroos in wyoming? fucking looney!
he's said who are these people cuz i wanna sue them  i fucking fell out!!!!
damn i feel bad now but that's still head-ass for that one though
and the ugly ass emojis
[ravi voice] goddamn
this is fucking stupid  here's an rko  -
ur legit a fucking retard
dont send me snaps if they gon be on yo damn story stupid
every time i go skateboarding keyla tells me not to get snatched a fucking friend !!!!!
thats so damn annoying! just leave me alone smh
fucking idiot  should have let fraser take it
well we all can agree both sides have idiots in them
i can't be friends with people like that  that person is an idiot and i'm allergic to idiots
scandal??? why don't you enlighten the twittersphere with some facts you fucking moron
al qaeda supporters because her stupid brain cannot function to the degree that allows her to fucking understand that you c
swear dude my dad always making nasty ass agua chile like wtf homie make ceviche tf
who is raising these hoes? they mindset just so fucked up evil ass bitches!
our president is a fucking idiot
chicago sold out tonight people ! set to be a fucking crazy one!
cbs watch how people so fucking stupid  the guy was walking away with his hands up  no way he was listening to anything  why is this a case
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
mr  porter has be the worst counselor ever   what a useless cunt
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
what is a manger and what are defeners ? check spelling retard
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
some people are just born to be fucking stupid
i am mad as hell and i'm not going to take it anymore!!!
so fucking sick
some cruel bastard has dressed a horse up as paul nuttall
i do not know how you idiots believe him !!are you so desperate for !!
happening now getting my butthole brutally punch fucked at in berkeley
knee hurting so bad but my fat ass still went and got popeyes
ravi and ashley is boring the hell out of me  he's being played for a fool  smdh
insane sticky note prank! he was pissed
if you're gonna dub somebody then just do it already   stop playing games with these bad ass females
also men have disgusting fucking feet bottoms saying ggggg
i'm freaky as hell one might even say nasty as fuck but if i'm doin my thing w someone and they spit in my mouth i would lite
y'all hoes out here moving nasty  this world so dirty man!
fuck sake! how on earth has he been allowed to get that shot away???? pathetic defending!
this match is fucking insane!
what  you never see a bad ass bitch eat a taco shell before?
can't believe that i get to see and this fucking week!! this show couldn't have come at a be
damn niggas was comparing this season to the farm which is really bad
yo cinnamon toast crunch with cinnabon coffee creamer instead of milk is so fucking fiiiirreee!!!!!!!!
people will find any reason to drink shits mad annoying
people voted for jacob fucking zuma  that's how!
i hate casey anthony  always have since the beginning  uhh she makes me so damn mad  hope she rots in hell
i swear !!  i know i just take some ugly ass pics
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
awful hope they die idiots
we trade and share a space station with russia  should we not speak to them? thats just fucking stupid at this point
grace is this your retarded eboy?
meghan mccain is an idiot like her father john  this is on the democrats for being obstructionist
democracy where any two idiots outvote a genius
fucking jesus i got a rock on now!
that is insane  people have gone bananas
why was this an unsanctioned match anyway how fucking stupid
tards grasping at straws tryna come up with stupid ish  y'all can concoct bs stories all you want   maichard is happ
idiot woman  maybe she should get the train! wagon guy is spot on  how will anything get delivered?
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
one of my biggest pet peeves is when guys wear slides with no socks and feet be ugly as hell
this is so disrespectful  i'm so upset  alcohol addiction is not something you joke about  you fucking morons
this boy is an idiot followed by a bunch of idiots  this is a lack of leadership and direction
so my brother called me &amp; asked me to support him on his tour    of course i said fucking yes!
don't ever hate on a nigga that's gettin his money 5
ayee thatsss myyy babbbyyy ryyy!!!! stagg fucking statee let's gooo!!
i hate when im singing a song and somebody else try and join in like my nigga this aint no duet
is the media propping up an idiot
i put my iphone in my pocket with scratchy things and now its all scratched on the screen fucking moron over here
hate to break your heart but the trumps don't give a damn about you or america
lingard isn't ronaldo he's had awful games and pissed me off but moaning here like we just gave djemba djemba a year deal? come on
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
i always say this and have a boring ass summer
fml i hate this uneasy feeling bullshit
yeahh  its still boringehm  who u calling idiot again?
oh yes  things fucking disgusting n he's cahin it 'sally'
i just wanna graduate and get the fuck out of here!!!
this idiot needs to be gone
please stop talking to me  retarded person
fire goldbeeg  than post th8s gif  ufc narketing and business is retarded
the worst nigga from delaware is the one who doesn't claim it       i hate y'all niggas man!
and what type is this? the retarded one ah
i'm sick of this fuckin el paso wind
update || harry ate bananas and got sick
i hate when i'm in line for anything and people get so fuckin close up to me  i could almost feel them breathing
*inserts boring ass halo eye look on to the tl *
how the fuck can you treat you grandparents like this?? % disgusting
yeah  marchand just slashed a guy in the gooch so bad i just put on a cup to watch the rest of this game  insane
the worst service on the earth  fuck you!!!
niggas gon hate  life would be spelled efil if they didn't
the saddest thing about it all is it shows the percentage of idiots in america  listen to a conman's nonsense and n
an idiots guide to battlefy - for your matches and reporting head over to please see image below
don't text me if your gonna leave me on read shits annoying
isis to usa     you are being run by an idiot who does not know what syria or iraq or islam is   http
i immediately busted out laughing  what a fucking moron
this is fucking stupid  it is  i should know no one will ever learn to handle this
me i fucking hate farm lifecrush i grew up on a farm me
picture thisi'm a bag of dicks put me to your lips i am sick
what is your fave song from crawl space im fucking obsessed!!
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
draft the journalists send them to fight the bullshit war they want so badly
i can't have a nigga out here making me look stupid
but keep protecting illegal criminals  until something horrible happens to one of the idiots protecting them they w
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
he's about two weeks away from coming out with  i fucking hate sunderland football cl
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
i fucking hate bryce what a piss ofshit !! this rapist deserves to go to jaill
i'm so ugly                           april fools bitch you thought
the number angel shows are gonna be fucking wiiiiild!! opening in sf &amp; ny with joining in n
i just seen a video about lace eyebrows       i am fucking done!!!!
in a -and-a-half-week span during an injury-filled -89 season  a frustrated larry bird ate wedding cakes and
because they're idiots
y're all annoying bitch you're not my classmates anymore
it's episode   not season episode you retarded monkeys
i'm fucked up  homie you fucked upbut we gonna be aight!!
all mfs do is hate  get a life and stfu with y'all hatin asses
it is alt-left idiots like him who need to be incarcerated for breaking our nation's laws
are you looking for at fako  look at him ugly son af bitch  motherfucking hakan balamir
omg  my flannel!  an example of why i would be the worst lesbian criminal ever
baby oil ass fucking *exclusive* update just loaded on my premium snapchat!
mukiibi  crtive d at addmaya had to pay his st fruit when you go through those painful moments  it always pays  he
what the fuck is wrong with these players? no fighting spirit whatsoever! losing the ball and then walking!!!!
waiting for this album to drop like    days! fucking days!
if my girlf want my password all she got to do is ask    and ima say fuck no!!!
america has idiot presidentthe world watching trump humiliates himself with answer on syria
bingham bullying is horrible  but not just students get bullied! where the hell is our miner pride
month until the maths exam fucking month !!!!!!
i'm sorry   cough   wake your fucking ass up!!
are you stupid or are you fucking stupid
never confuse libya with syria   you'll get blocked   mankind is now fucking insane   same again barman !
's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy  learn more
lmaaoooo this girl in the break room just said  carnage is fucking sick
that fucking collaboration with b n remix for dj snake tho!!!!
hope he notices mine even pathetic faggot
that one day i decide to stay home everyone got me fucked up !
you guys have entered the  i'm fuckin crazy  arena  congratulations!
trump is evil  and if u support him still now u bet your ass you're evil too
you can't be an asshole if people around you are stupid
does this piece of ever stay in dc? wtf!! we pay for his fat ass to vaca every wknd  all the while he lines his pockets
oh god dammit  those fucking canned *smack!!* sounds at the end of the trailer!!
bound   daemon grim   where gothic chic meets joie de la mort
what did she say about idiot howard ?
bitches be wanting a reaction outta you so bad ! like go on bitch don't you got  money to be made?
brotherhood is fucking awful  didn't think i'd have to sit through this shite ever again
what an idiot
argh i hate people who always looks from sousenkyo always sousenkyo sousenkyo and sousenkyo damn
should hit that jackass with his finisher    the hotline!! -909-9000
remove rep  devin nunes  remove devin nunes   call -225-2523 get rid of this idiot
oh my god!my fucking o'broden feelings!
cumslut cherry ferret swallows nasty cumshots!
ehh i hate wack ass niggas like this   he won't dare try a nigga like this tho
stupid is as stupid does  idiotic statement
this has been the worst week in my fucking life
order by phone  too bad the tunes don't work  fritz's railroad restaurant
stfu you annoying ass bitch before i make you hoe
me sakuro killing stalkingall of my mutuals we fucking hate you
trump acts like idiot re assad  assad reacts  trump puts out stupid statement  bannon fired from nsc  trump figures ou
i feel like he's just as retarded as me  i wonder if he would ever marry me
me and driving *lightning strikes* marcos ummm can you fucking not!
and all this lies  and all this idiot story's he tell all da time
the number angel shows are gonna be fucking wiiiiild!! opening in sf &amp; ny with joining in n
brutal makes her pussy flow
had to embarrass some lil bitch in front of he ugly boyfriend on the train
this is entirely fucked up!
look at these idiots
idiot trump does not know what stealth is -despite hiding his taxes
mutha fucking owwwwwwwwww my damn ear hurts!!!
insane sticky note prank! he was pissed
the fact that he was still recording blew me his ugly ass
bad ass piece by jordan!
fuck north carolina!!! duke forever bitches!!
speaking of choice   these idiots should be opening their homes to syrian refugees  iraqui refugees  all the kids
god im really a fucking idiot
don't insult by comparing with idiots
doctor how would you describe your sleep schedule? me am to the pm pm to the am funk doc piss out ur per diem you just gotta hate em fu
fuck sake don't let this slip!!!!
oh god damn it  bad boyzzzz
i don't even    what in the damn hell  this looks so nasty but i can't stop watching it
not liking the awful choice of music and shitty camera work in this
was a fucking beaut of a tackle!
when girls think me and one of the boys are dating pisses me off so badly    like can a boy not have some girl friends??
vise verse !!!!!!!? fuck !!!!!!
that's all on the folks that voted for him  blame them ugly hoes
the media just fucking hate us
part       meet olivia's crazy ass friends!!!!!
nigga that's sick af my gawd
godamn this bitch so bad i want drink molly water out her ass
que comience el fucking show!
isis trump is 'foolish idiot'
bitches so evil i swear
boy you're extremely ugly tf you're talking about this beauty doesn't need your beast ass let alone your opinion  did i m
!!!!!!!!!!!!! f you and your nasty ass soda
im fucking sick of these porn bots liking my tweets  twitter get your shit together!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
when you been texting her all day y no te responde  but you go on twitter and she tweets  diablo why ugly niggas always
to all the ugly niggas out there today is the day that you go all in  if you get curved dont worry just say april fools a
smile you're on fucked uped camera!
i can't hate on a nigga that's doing his thang   that's go make me feel like a lame !
and you both can fuck off for saying something as nasty as that
wanna follow a bad ass scream queen? is your lady
u ugly ass bighead hoe   u know me so well
well  lets jst leave dat debate d idiots then i wish i ws in office discuss dis in detail  our chairs wud be
this fat penguin looking bitch rly just called my mum a stupid fucking bitch  not knowing she's my mum
y'all some slack ass sick fucks
you are out of your fucking mind  your disgusting  lying  reckless fucking mind
you bitches wanna be me but too bad
trudeau is the village idiot prime minister of canada
war movie cliches number  i'm not leaving your ass behind!!!
and his fat ass friends gonna record? disgusting
evening receptions are the worst  you have to wipe the fucking gunk off your face before bed
you people are all so fucking stupid  no wonder keeps up this trash news  they feed th
hate when you go on insta news feed n see women post pics of a d pregnancy scan!!! the pics look scary as hell don't post it
to the idiot that hit my car and drove off; i will look for you  i will find you  and i will kill you
sister sarah i think devil might crack  he is fumbling idiot when asked to lie his b
how is california gonna survive the war if our citizens aren't allowed to arm themselves with real bad ass weapons when nk or syria invades
damn bro i hate watching cbs but tony gonna be on there so ffffff it
selfish  another selfish penalty at the worst time  minute power play for tbl now  fucking idiot
lmk what the fuck you'd do about it? you're disgusting and ur dick is ugly
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
namjoon fucking pulled jin closer im not dying you are!!!!
they asked me to talk about something i hated  i obliged  because fuck inuyasha! (until  like  the moment sango shows u
lets fucking goo! put em in a body bag schwarbs
yeah  uconn women's basketball team didn't score in '07 not even fuckin close    idiots
nigga damn y'all females too ruthless rl
is bending over backwards to defend susan rice  how fucking pathetic
someone in my thesis class is doing illustrations of animals and one was the shrike  it is bad ass
haven't even went to class yet &amp; everybody is pissing me the fuck off !!!!!!
i hate it when people drink like efe  know your fucking limit  it's not rocket science
us trumprussia putin north korea kim jong un i think we're all fucked yo!!
i'm not playing you in ball if you ugly because i'm not giving you my damn number
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' by via
can smell a bullshit miles away and they also hate excuses
ur an idiot and what's wrong in society! grow a pair &amp; get over urself! we r sick to dea
i hate when people cancel on me  irks my damn soul
y'all both horrible influences it doesn't matter y'all both shitty influences smh
yeah  those damn victims   they're the worst! *shakes fist in the air*
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot'
this is why pepsi is trash  how are you gonna have a nasty product and shitty ads for it
why  why the hell did you do this? why are you going the nintendo route  don't be a bag of dicks  you'll get a lot of hate for it
time to get fucked up this saturday !!!! hit up me or my boys up for details
to hell with your religion  bloody rascals  if this is not terrorism  what is  this is what chaddi madness has given us  htt
work done for the week  blackpool fucking come at us!
al qaeda supporters because her stupid brain cannot function to the degree that allows her to fucking understand that you c
well that is fucking awful
stupid ass where the rest of them bitches
omg these bitches nasty
if u ever feel bad bc u broke a fuckboy's heart chill bc he ain't got a heart
i have a really bad attitude when i'm pissed
this is why pepsi is trash  how are you gonna have a nasty product and shitty ads for it
shooter you dumb ass  your wife's assistant!!! fuckin idiot
i can't stand bad ass parenting and bad ass kids make u wanna whoop both of they ass
disappointed there are no bird references in there
when you didn't do horribly on the hell essay
the evil gays stole the rainbow! please return it to god!
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
this president's staff don't know protocol for these attacks &amp; just fumble looking like idiots
i don't even got the bag and niggas and bitchs still hate
's account is temporarily unavailable because it violates the twitter media policy  learn more
why does kendall fucking jenner need a fucking apology????!!!!!!!
go to check this idiot called tarjouskana  myspace? anyone  hey  hey  heyyyyyyyy!!!
i still hate him that nigga tho
every fucking time i read anything abt breakdown from an interview w/ a tfp writer its like the worst thing ever
don't fuck with me nick!!! we were boys!!
made for the dirty dems !cracked pot &amp;all !
i'm gonna start linking to this tweet when someone calls me an idiot as a way of saying  bruh i already know that
bitch i did hate you   i do hate you
is i hate school by damn vandals now at
this nigga jah gained k+ followers yesterday i'm sick
bitch ain't a freak then that bitch is a boring bitch
today's stream was fucking crazy!thank you all for donating and watching &lt;3
apart from the martinis  the idiot sounds like a gwyneth paltrow type of over indulged knob
i rather be home wif bae dan be in d club and one random fat bubbly ass be grinding me to oblivion!!!
[pic] han sunhwa's instagram update with hoya
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
i hate a beat around the bush ass nigga
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
i hope marcel's ungrateful ass takes notice of the lengths that klaus went to for him  stupid son of a bitch
damnnnnnnn girl!! as in damn you are ugly hoe!!
god made the idiot for practice  and then he made the school board    mark twain
haters  yg artists are bunch of elitist and arrogant fuckers who hate everyone dara
disgusting!!! share the hell out of this
north carolina won!!! fuck yeah!!!
you dike bitches taken over     smh nasty mutherfuckers
i seriously fucking hate scorpios  they fucking disgusting  always negative &amp; never give u a chance  they talk over u &amp;
that idiot isn't my boyfriend!!!!!  (kotone to her grandparents)
after  investigating  russia interfered us elec 4months w/o one shred of evidence  suddenly idiot says  it
rep  swalwell is just an idiot and shouldn't even be in congress to begin with
no!!! they are idiots and ppl knows it  they refuse to accept that what they have done doesnt wrk
i want a tattoo so fucking bad but i just can't figure out the placement smh
is there anyone that can carry my stupid ass through nobunaga on ??
that bitch got cholera told y'all she nasty
this is fucking dodgeball all over again!!!
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
clay pisses me off why does he take years to listen to these fucking tapes how can he not listen to it all at once i hate him
i fucking hate this moose-thing  when i finish the quest  i'm going to shoot it in the fucking head and call it a d
go to hell stupid professor
fucking jinwoo's voice yall !!!!!!!!
i almost deleted a hate comment on my youtube video that said  this is bad  but i didn't want to be a pussy so i delet
fighting fire with fire is not the fucking answer!!!
awful defending from luiz and cahill ffs come on idiots
bloody asshole - harry potter
damn those boring trousers! damn them!
i fucking hate people i swear
why do you stop serving chilli at pm ? that's stupid af   y'all just pissed me off
i am tired of these muthafuckin snakes on this mothafuckin train!!!
so goes on to promote school meals policy and all they can do is ask about the idiot livingstone
what the fuck !!!!!!!
real fucking talk people need fi hear
just starin at my books makes me wanna die  fuck you exam!!!
rj just told mrs papa she acts like a retard and kicked her doors i'm screaming
i can hear this dude eating his chips from all the way across this damn restaurant  somebody fucking kill me!!!!!
oh you fucking slay me every damn time! forever on your team!!!
remember when hoya did the  i say ho you say ya  to the kids and they called him ugly
because your a filthy fucking addict now cover my pedicure  40 bank now
rt if you're sick of these nazis
i m lowkey fucking possessive and obsessed and my heart breaks because of the smallest things why am i so pathetic
h-3 ( bad ass by awkarin
chelsea up that ugly cunt diego mis kicks it as well
wtf todo!! what that fucking fuck todo!!
i fucking hate   that is all
ain't this the fucking !
hell no  he's the bad guy w/the bat
bitches wanna beef so bad i won't do it
it's like it's a fucking crime to have a vagina in this country now!
haven't played runescape in over a decade but still think this is a bad ass idea  i wanna be in a book in rs
im claiming every retarded soul out there who voted for this dickhead
muahahaha! it's all part of our agenda! while the idiots sop up our bs  we all the way t
because they workers not owners my tattie! there are levels in life   we understand woodwork didnt teach that! idiot
bitches be like my   nigga   crazy nah he crazy with you he pussy to us !!
aaaaaaaahhhhh fuck yeah!!!!!! vuelve!!!!!
how in the hell do the refs blow a whistle on a rolled ankle!?
this is just fucking disgusting
when will these idiots understand we dont care what they think????
do you know who i am? im a fucking pubic figure!!1!
where the fuck is bpros game????!!!!!! it's fucking april!!!!!
peope are so sick   i seriously hate this one person with a passion   chat shit but get shitty bum in person !! destroyed you !!!
you are an idiot and a liar
i wanna suck that clit so badly
ur mba eggheads can't fight science &amp; technological progress with idiotic business decisions! hire an educat
you just pissed off thousands of people  you people make me sick
some of the people in this valley are idiots i swear
let's mother fucking do this! let's get this monster to subscribe now
deciphering core subliminal along with unstructured electrolyte processes  i am fucking insane
you have a choice  you fucking moron  don't lie
then go do your thing away from me  take your stupid youtuber ass out of here (
go ahead &amp; fuck these nasty hoes if you want too   niggas just don't care if they get their candlestick lit huh ?
idiots who voted for trump are the reason trump won
birds of a feather do flock together  sickening
i sweaaaaaaar i hate dumbass people
[!!] at in melon minute chart
an ignorant ass  how did the majority of americans who voted for hrc get this idiot ? 00+
wendy is a bad bitch
this bootlegged ass city by the name of charleston is soo boring
how the hell did i forget to put on my hoops i feel so ugly now
your an idiot
yoooo i really hated this nigga
frick jumpscared by a god damn ball hittin a window im laugign at myself at how bad i jumped
im still fucking worn of from those stupid ass captcha things
was a fan of zayn in nxt    now he's just boring as piss
chicken pot pie tonight!
he isn't fucking retard
people are outraged by the use of - but when someone does something about it  they cry foul  damn if u do  d
a&amp;m wr kirk merritt whipped out his penis in front of tutors; his lawyer elains it was just bad jock itch
i got some damn bad intentions
idiot hollywood comedian accuses trump of committing  mass murder  after airstrikes
that's the george lucas' justification for fucking up star wars  i hate that argument
any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out
health canada     idiots want a ban on trans fats but won't ban my smoking tobacco  health canada = spineless morons
louis tomlinson ahr tarde llegaba viste c tuiteo el video de gotta get out
these niggas at ma be trying to show off they polo boxers off so bad we see they in yo ass bro
yolonn i know yo stupid ass the one who quoted this
it's o'clock somewhere      ya here ya fucking idiot
studying to creating cause i fucking hate school
this nigga wanna shoot rocket launchers on thursday nights i hate niggas
bloody hell is there one liberal that don't lie mp melissa price lied on level of support for cashless welfare card https//
senator dickhead    fuckin' idiot
having anger issues is the worst fucking thing ever cause i be wanting to fight everyone over everything
this idiot is arguing with no one from a golf course
you look to me like an idiot separatist for your information kashmir belonged to hindustan n still belongs to it
eggs are fucking disgusting
then go suck a dick then  you stupid cunt
knew should if just not said anything  didn't do a damn thing to you and yet treat me like crap  whatever stupid bullshit
i spit on the floor and her ugly ass says  who raised you
i hate face book mark to hell to join elvis  martin luther  steve jobs and sally decker  sa
wife is prepping dinner and found worms in the chicken we just bought from the store  i fucking hate chicken!!!
i ain't even dropped da tape yet and these niggas sick to they stomach!
you haven't done anything  but divided this country and make us look like idiots to the world
wtf south africa?? what the hell are you doing lifting the ban on rhino horn sales??? outrageous &amp; stupid
goddamn there is nothing about your coverage that is bonus  you guys stink  rory had a bad day  this just in
if you watch alex jones your one fucking sick puppy!
[video] reflections on migration humanitarianism &amp; the question of queer refugees https//
rt if you have been calledugly fat worthless cunt bitch fag slut a igot7 brat whore emo freak lezbo nerd monster etc
what the fuck makeup is insane
math is ugly that bitch can choke
bitch you are ugly inside  out  everything about you is ugly
mississippi fucking state !!!!! idc idc idc !!!!!!!
i really hate u niggas
idk if it's because my stomach is still fucked up but sonic burgers are fucking disgusting
damn it  i made $35 on tinder from stupid dudes and now i'm banned
cause a ugly bitch gone fall for it all
i just followed about bunny accounts on instagram  i'm not going to get a fucking thing done ever again !
coool can i not be retarded
why is it that when i'm in class i can sleep like one idiot but when i tell myself i'm gonna go home and knock out i feel so a
no this song is fucking horrible come on he's from one direction what the hell frank i'm disappointed in you
stupid ass niggas
[dude] well  i guess the fucking nihilist knew where she was  [walter] jesus  dude! she never even kidnapped hers
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
when we snatch /17yo into prisons we create a vicious cycle of breaking up families  creating vacuums in communities+cc
i want louis to receive that fucking award can y'all hear me??????! &amp;  just hold on
i hate rod runs now because all the redneck idiotic assholes
damn i ain't know she was that bad
idiot drivers in texas
as a knicks fan i hate you you stupid idiot you had one job
and i feel like im ethier coming off as annoying or the person just dosnt care  and i understand if they arent intersted but it fucking suck
absolutely terrible  hell of a block
jesus that was the longest hours of my fucking life!
the grab them by the pussy doctrine is going to prove disastrous  you can hear it in his nuke rhetoric  if we have them
baby ur a star! ur a bad ass bitch! never let a nigga make u forget that!!!!! time to tighten up and step your shit
shaply  -   when you combine 'shane' and 'reply' because you're fucking retarded like me
its like you nasty   i'm nasty baby we belong together  that lick my cum off her fingers type nasty &amp; i adore that let me wife you
idiot in chief can't even stay in script when he's talking about bombing a country he refused to accept refugees from
teachers be taking their fucking time on grading shitdumb bitches !
and what type is this? the retarded one ah
[a dad about to give the birds &amp; the bees talk]  son  when-  *watches son try to poke a capri sun for minutes*  know
if your nigga is cheating on you and you check the bitch before you check yo nigga you a stupid bitch  she don't owe you no l
nooooooo not that fucking evil icecream maker
my internet is on the fritz again  ugh  spectrum i hate you
idiot in chief can't even stay in script when he's talking about bombing a country he refused to accept refugees from
[pic] ji sung and seon ho cr produce101_jisung
i didnt rt a post that said i'll get years of bad luck if i don't rt the post bitch try me
idiot in chief can't even stay in script when he's talking about bombing a country he refused to accept refugees from
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
you are a fucking idiot
i fucking hate people
ew bitches are disgusting
when will you idiots stop your futile attempt to defame susan rice; can't you see it's not working? not w
your ass is gonna hurt from me beating the crap out of you
the meat head strikes again  where's archie to put the idiot in his place
i just hate that the yankees breathe
to hell with your religion  bloody rascals  if this is not terrorism  what is  this is what chaddi madness has given us  htt
how this bitch gon say jimins ugly when ha faves have dislocated jaws
you are a fucking work of art  sarrita ! gah damn  a mf masterpiece how is one humsn so damn beautiful
that bitch talk bad about me now she doing bad with out me
i swear yall power ranger niggas are fuckin retarded
here in oklahoma we cut funding for everything &amp; wonder why our roads are shitty &amp; kids are stupid
then do something  you damn leaf  indifference is just as bad
not to mention he cut parks money     idiot
fricking hell melusi gigaba for finance minister???????? i'm shell shocked
bunny hop into the nearest lake and *****  i'm sick of ur ass
eric trump is so damn ugly  when ivana dropped him off at school she got a ticket for littering
i hate ungrateful ass ppl  i swear
i'm clearly an idiot for even thinking i had a chance
north carolina won!!! fuck yeah!!!
ima slide in every bad bitch dms so they can curve me and give me the motivation i need to drop this tape
i sampled jaws pull up with the pistol make a nigga look so dam sick like he seen a bitch with titts
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
it's real bad release and it was the rhetoric around her for her trip to hell
and idiots who are fanatics will never hold polititans they voted for accountable  neodemocrats posing as conservatives
this will be my face tonight trying to keep up with these bad ass musicians tonight
who's the idiot who signed off on cancelling the grim adventures of billy and mandy?
i can't play because my computer decided to erase all of my fucking stuff !! &gt;&lt;
i wiped out so bad on my longboard todaystill lit as hell with the homies
[!!] wondering who listens to ?according to melon people in their s followed by s of which % = females
this is why my country is hated  not because the fucking holocaust  just because of this
moron- the trucker did not fuel up  and you know nothing on laws of truckers you douche
woah! look at the fucking size of her finger nails!
omg!! my fucking life! my childhood! my tag team kings of ladders!!!! hardy boyz shit!!!!
video call w/ these idiots
go play captain save a hoe   my bff stupid asf
here's an idea  let someone run a country who isn't a fucking idiot
lets fucking gooooooo!
bad bitch with me got thunder thighs and her mother's eyes
if you fwm bitches gone hate on you just cause you with me
weak ass man      bet he wouldn't try hitting another man!!!
ricardo is attacking me bc i rt a tech deck tweet i fucking hate him
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
the idiot report part trump suggests rice committed crime  citing no evidence  via
insane clown posse - birthday bitch whoop mf whoop mmfwcl    listening to birthday bitches
so fucking disappointed   i didn't get my tongue pierced
well  you're a disgusting liberal dumbass now  aren't you
she tell me how she sick of dude i tell her how my bitch tripping
bruh i fuckin hate people!!!!!!'
no surprise that he's an ugly cunt
fuck mcdonald's in every country for what they said about the president of the united states !!!!
they was grown out &amp; just needed a lil shape up she fucked them uppppp!!!
i hate fat bitches cause of this oneeeeee fat bitch she ruined it!!!!
don't you hate a bitch who can't mind her business
fuck duke!!! unc national champions!!!
nobody fuckin burps in my ear  that shit aint cute   slavery is over!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im fucking stupid should of got the tickets when yajaira told me
please tell me ivanka hid the nuclear codes  isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' https//
but  these fans seem to forget that the fascist emperor donald trump is about to plunge us into wwiii  idiots all
not in my lifetime have i saw a us president  pass the buck  like this one  fucking pathetic  sad!
im dyingfkwkfleoc what the fucking hell omg peiolr !?????????
nigga hella ugly
forgetting to pack a sports bra for the gym is the fucking worst
god i hate racsists if there's to all the racsists in this world go too hell
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
hate to break it to you but believe it or not it makes you seem like a dick
wikipedia word of the day is banbury story of a cock and a bull  (idiomatic  obsolete  slang  britain) a roundabou
damn too bad wasn't invented when my ancestors were slaves  who knows maybe they wouldn't have struggled as badly as they did
dude why is he shaking so bad?   jack he's fucked up!
i hate when people ask me stupid ass questions
some people are really fucking stupid
disgusting and runny as hell so you'll prolly get salmonella
fucking august?!
when ur about to take a bomb ass selfie and ur phone dies '(
under poca like isa  the authorities can make all sorts of allegations without proof  so u would be an idiot to believe
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
that awkward moment when carl palidinos son is talking to you at mtk and you want to tell him you fucking hate your dad but you can't
don't let bitches speak bad to you
ed sheeran is annoying as hell gosh
ladies  if a hoe walk up to you with no proof and say we cheating and you leave us you stupid believe us
our idiot president is the lyingest liar that ever lied
cayanns bitch ass fakin being sick to get out of cleaning
just wait  carol is on her bad ass way
menlyn mall  security guards are sooo fucken stupid   like these motherfuckers saw us running after this guy and they watched us
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
these guys make billions selling sugar water to idiots and i assume they sell diabetes drugs for the sick ones who
see this stupid girl sef dey slanderwit ur flats ass and chest like signboard alakori omo
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
no im talking about you nigga stfu annoying
nasty schoolgirl avril hall gets fucked
i like twitter! i can talk to the world! i can talk about whatever the fuck i want! that's why i be on this mufuka! the world is family!
people dont ask for immunity unless they have evidence  you fucking snowflake!!!!
this moron is so paranoid that people will find out that he hasn't a damn clue about running anything   es
quote tweet breaks threading self rt shows duplicates to mutual followers  do any of you fucking idiots even use twitter? htt
absolutely hate sharing my fucking bed
to hell with your religion  bloody rascals  if this is not terrorism  what is  this is what chaddi madness has given us  htt
i hate when people use my stuff without asking but what will piss me off is using my makeup without asking!
trina &amp; that damn retarded ass accent !
i hate being home alone bc i have to go out by my damn self
bitch i hate you but you aint lyin
bogus fake news reports abound in uk + usa!birds of a feather!
well do you want to start world war you idiot
like how you &amp; your bitch both retarded
this is the fucking worst week ever
me jd? fuck that guy  disgusting  also me i wasc meant to ypurs we eewre meant to be one
this is fucking stupid  here's an rko  -
hmm  maybe because all the comments they are making in the song are real fucking problems that need addressing
if you litter you're a bitch &amp; i hate you
and these muthafuckas are stressing me out about what movie to see and where to eat! fuckin annoying
a hoe called me ugly buh she whaa beggin me to stay
these niggas mad annoying &amp; don't listen
why does everybody hate pineapple pizza? it's fucking pineapples  on pizza  i don't get it
a dictator welcoming a dictator  kissing his ass and wanting to be just like him  makes me sick
idk why my stupid ass be buying lunchables when i can just buy meat  cheese  and crackers
damn he bad
another fucking blown lead  i hope we dont make the damn playoffs  this is awful  we don't fucking deserve it
you can't answer the question because you already know that if assad did kill your ugly ass wife &amp; baby
me after arguing w itzas annoying ass
isn't this the smirk of a douche who was born on rd base and thinks he hit a triple?
justice for bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! plz sign
sickening photos of migrant birds needlessly slaughtered in (via )
wash fruits &amp; veggies under running water before eating  cutting  or cooking! https//
[ ] &lt; lydia in  if he had his way  she would be staying in the damned hospital  even if he did hate the place as well  he &gt;
my bitch bad! x dax!
real fucking tears lmaooo
why the hell does anybody have this moron on their program?! he adds nothing  is a liar &amp; self-serving dipshit  please!
i seriously fucking hate scorpios  they fucking disgusting  always negative &amp; never give u a chance  they talk over u &amp;
normani did u rest? bad bitches needs to
wtf is this? ! we dont want your damn ryancare plan! stand y
a fucking body!
all the lads do at work is play fifa the boring cunts
did fucking just quote my tweetttt?!!!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
and now people are threatening the gotham twitter  i'm done  this fandom is too goddamn disgusting
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
i hate hoes who attitude don't add up to they looks
bloody hell stan  i'd erased that from you memory
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
fuck yess its heree!!! &amp; for
i hate dat i ever fucked w some ppl
all the bad hoes be the thotties tbh
i just told this boy hours ago i'm done with him  now he want me to come spend the night  &amp; guess what i'm spending the fucking night!
glass houses dude  i don't call all republicans assholes and stupid  democrats car
bloody hell just seen joe got banned crawford and knicker sniffer scott's doings!
i was a teddy bear built nigga and they still ain't hug my stupid ass
bilis you bastard!!!!! i'm gonna fucking kill you!!!!!!
am i the frigid bitch of this group? i always thought i was a reese
bitches be like  nasty   bitchh you been nasty since you was
join us today on the dc mall for pussy march against evil fascist dictator drumpf
either that or they are fukin idiots
everybody wanna sell a caesar salad with a nasty ass caesar dressing   like how that work
even though its fucking eensive in the philippines i would still go  its a freaking party all the time!
a draft dogging ordering others to go to war!fuckin sick
like hell im deactivating! dis account staying around forever fuckers hold my toxicity and bad opinions sons
what a retard he's sacked in the morning
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
the fucking store didn't have chessman cookies and i hate vanilla wafers so i had to improvise and use lorna doone cookies
brutal makes her pussy flow
rufkm?! no one gives a crap about nelle &amp; this story suck  you guys are so damn tone deaf with your audience  http
you're actually retarded stop tweeting
every time you rt this you'll piss off an ugly homophobe
i'm  the word is fucking i'm!
stay away from unhappy ass people!!!
this is why pepsi is trash  how are you gonna have a nasty product and shitty ads for it
idiot just came screaming out of the closet
[breaking] damning news delays by sending letters to board saying they can't perform
my two cents fuckin worthless  pig piece of shit  fuckin awful  awful  bad  bad person  heartless  bad  awful  sexist  evil
i hate when people have make a scene for attention  and people fall for the bullshit of drama  im grown please around i
fucking stupid  that kid he hit was being a pussy away  should have been wearing a cup
stupid ass dude screaming at babies
no offence but courtney is the fucking worst
this was so shitty by kaws  i feel bad for the people that waited in line and didn't get to buy
you too you use to have me worried sick with ya bad ass
pi hacked advance wars into fire emblem   i repeat he fucking hacked advance wars into fire emblem  the madman!
harris is the biggest prick out here i legit hate u rn
fuck chromebooks!!!!!!aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
you think you the fairy grandson or some  ugly ass
morons! fuck you! i saw it as well you need to stop doing crack too
bryce is a fucking cunt  i hate this show ugh
and you're marking the fuck out because no wiring!!!!!!!!!!
who fucking with me tonight &amp; tomorrow!?!!! birthday is here lil' bx!
[!!] am kst and we're with % listeners &amp; climbing up!!! so close to another roof hit stream melon incles!!
can not wait for trump to either resign or be impeached  so alot of those idiots in the cabinet will be gone also!!
i'm sick of this fuckin el paso wind
i highkey feel bad for san diego  all they got is a shitty baseball team and a soccer team that doesn't exist yet has their spotlight
these idiot supporters
eing argentina's supposed  world class  players messi carried these retards to three consecutive finals  unbelievabl
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
dude i fucking know and i apsolutley hate it!
just kicked my idiot sister and watched spring breakers i think i wanna become a drug dealer now i got a situation
meghan mccain you put that sneering idiot richard fowler in his place on outnumbered well done!
fr cuz i always feel like im just so fucking annoying ugh why am i like this
frightning thought that there's nobody who can shut this idiot up
i don't like any type of 'holiday'  they turn everyone into fucking idiots
so fucking what?? that was ages ago idiot
do you ever put yourself in a painful situation knowing damn well it's gonna hurt but you do it anyways
attack dog  us media meekly kowtows to noted idiot trump after show of force  like timid piglets cowering before a wolf wit
i fucking hate wack ass friends
they were retarded when they made snowplowing a gendered issue
how to trick an idiot
you a sick nigga che
yeah the dude is a hoe too but this is what im saying  they wont get talked bad about for doing it  females will ge
dangal all set to beat idiots in taiwan historic collections
i was pessimistic about brexit but not so pessimistic that i imagined we'd be talking war with - jesus bloody hell - spain t
people   please don't be like the idiot i just saw throwing package of cigarette out of the car window   the world is not your
the idiot reporttrump counselor steve bannon removed from national security council role - abc news (via ) https
cum drinking dick banging ass  i'm disgusted
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
fuck you guys!!!
if you date a ugly nigga cause you think he gone be faithful you lost
[press] guan lin  seon ho  hoe seung  eun ki  gun min  hwan ung  gun hee produce season press conference
money is every freaking goddamn thing  dont come to me with that money is not everything crap
hell to the no and he is an evil pedo-satanist
gj the world knows we have idiots as mp's now
guess who is gonna have a bad day today  not me  you bitch you i am talking about you
russia answered and funded s campaign  why is he still in office? why is he still allowed to fck over the idiots who voted him in?
throwing women  gays off buildings  cage burning  beheadings just some of the atrocities by the brutal ideology  despicable
i can't believe i stan a bunch of idiots
dj zinhle has tried out lightskinned niggas and they both failed miserably
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
fucking maravillosos!!
go fuck yourself    you can't whine about the dreadful consequences of something as you vote for it
the force awakens a bad lip reading (featuring mark hamill as han solo)
when will sessions be charged for perjury?? - stop fucking around with america !!!
mcconnell 'nuclear' option helps senate  mccain 'whoever says that is a stupid idiot' via
when you been texting her all day y no te responde  but you go on twitter and she tweets  diablo why ugly niggas always
dunno how some people have a licence idiot driver's on the road
my mama said   now who tf said that i hate you hoes on baby knem!
sniffin' cocaine cause i didn't have no actavissmokin' propane with my clique and the bad bitches call me cobain
hating niggas prolly sick of me
nah bitch i hate u
my bitch so bad ion wanna cheat i miss lickin ha from head to feet
the grab them by the pussy doctrine is going to prove disastrous  you can hear it in his nuke rhetoric  if we have them
(not adressed to you honey but twitter in gen some idiot reported it )
ima just leave ya ass on read rather than let it sit there    i hate having hella notifications
god damn he's filthy
don't you ever hear an opinion from someone else that you just want to wipe your ass with it so bad bc it's just so ugly
trump is a gemini!!!!!!!! a june fucking gemini!!!!! i knew he was nuts
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
clay's mom is annoying and hannah's dad is an asshole
i really hate when my dad wake me up over some bullshit
war  after massacre staged by putin to benefit djt; idiots deciding
if a hood nigga get crazy about you it's over you his everrrrrrrr!
fucking h-o-t!!!!!
damn dudei haven't watched in ages but + years doing that is insane
how can you be a bad bitch if you don't drink water? ask yourself
yeah i don't feel bad for the people who voted trump and his policies are biting them in the ass - if they were that stupid
[teaser] b a p -  wake me up  jap ver  - himchan
yeah i shouldn't have let someone use my id he's making me look like a fucking retard
i can get a lil nasty baby   have you ever fucked a savage baby
omg im so ugly april fools bitch you thought
i really hate driving with a passion now shits krazy
y'all really fucking stupid  to be blunt
don't drink and do drugs if you can't handle it stupid bitch
people like him are the fucking problem!!! so annoying
worst fucking dog names smh
oi bmt chill you're acc pissing me off u and that ugly pigeon
so they can see he's an idiot in both official languages
beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
that was annoying as hell
if someone from madhesh speaks truth  you accuse them of licking the asses of khas &amp; arya  pathetic!
mrs clegg looking at mcvey thinking who is this idiot
the worst part of wwiii might be all of our shitty opinions about it on twitter dot com
i hate that i wondered who the hell that was for a moment
my phone battery is fucking shocking
i hate that damn squirrel  still so butt hurt about the nlds  the end of the phillies reign
says u s  'being run by an idiot' via
rt if you'd fuck my pussy!!!!
i wanna ask your ass to prom so bad but youll proba      why do you say that
i'm not cheering for him   just that he fucked up!
evening hammers bloody hell where do the weekends go
whoever doubted me stay yo doubtful ass ova there
ain't naaaan nigga out here that's gonna pass on a tittie whether it be real or fake
shut up you idiot
just wondering are we allowed to slag off today cos he's been fucking atrocious as has the million pound man behave!!
opportunist hypocrite says he's shocked by chemical attacks in syria  to hell with his chemical attacks on p
well he fucking does!! and    i have been trying to get on for years!!
i fucking hate april fools
he's a prick who's terrible at his job
wargamers are a fucking plague on this world  like the worst bit of gaming but cranked up to by isolation and snobbery
jimin at a club [exists]taehyung hello i want your dick in my mouth can i buy you a drink?
gonna act persistent with women cuz that's how apperently these ugly niggas get them
actually disgusting how minging i look in any photo thats not taken by me   catfish
how fucking stupid is this?
damn seniors i hate you all except for nic and markos
when you joined the army for guns  traveling  &amp; a bad ass car but they sending you to war
would someone please just shut this idiot up &amp; send him to the golf course!
bitches wanna be crazy soo bad  like noo bitch you ain't crazy you ignorant disgusting
go fuck yourself    you can't whine about the dreadful consequences of something as you vote for it
all these fuckers who thought email and a nebulous speech to goldman sachs were disqualifying look real fucking petty and
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
[eng|1080p] fighter of the destiny trailer starring lu han and guli nazha (re-upload) h
isis to usa     you are being run by an idiot who does not know what syria or iraq or islam is   http
a bad ass show by badass women hell yes
why are we giving this idiot attention  he doesn't even have followers
i wouldn't want to share my air with these two worthless douche bags
from hell to heavenadopt a dog saved by from the cruel //  https/
arranged reverse pickup thru n the bluedart idiots came without any documents n even refused to give any receipt
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
get your stinking paws off me  you damned dirty ape! planet of the apes  e
i hate a   think they know your business ass motherfucka        y'all kills me !
it's like everything he ever does is grounds for shitty callout posts about how he's the worst
the underground show that i will forever be associated with     it's name is a fucking metallica reference?!
who gives a what this idiots say? oh never mind  trump does
well he thinks meemee is fucking disgusting
when is dermott brereton going to ask todd greenberg if he's concerned that arse patting in the nrl might lead to grooming?
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
hate having to repeat myself all the damn time
i'm saying!!! fucking hardy bros!!!
if you support abusers just unfollow or block me ya nasty fucking animals
after  investigating  russia interfered us elec 4months w/o one shred of evidence  suddenly idiot says  it
i hate bitch ass niggas with a passion
i hate liars  y'all can rot in fucking hell
this nigga just getting annoying now
you can tell after a girl just got hit by the after selfie with her nigga in the mirror   edges be messed up and weave be looking shocked
ali fuck youuu!!!!!
loooooooool shit me up man !!!!!!
that's fucking sick!
i thought she lost it overnight  but she just sauntered into the living room with the damn ball in her mouth  trying to make me look bad
you got to be a stupid motherfucker to get fired on your day off
mouth-breathing idiots on facebook getting rightfully put in their place
time to write another 'do u just fuckin hate logic and humane legslation??' email to my us rep rodney davis
tied up bitch wearing mouth gag is butt fucked brutally in hardcore homemade
jericho about to put a savage beating on stupid idiot kevin owens
u so bad ion wanna see u fuckin wit no busta
how 'bout this dope ass kid gettin' a sick ass cut!!! check out tcmh episodes and live
a schooling   bloody hell i bet xavi and iniesta couldn sleep that night
innit tho  i'm sick of it  every damn night  makes me sick
dear please help  we're stuck with a bunch of idiots &amp; fascists governing our country  we need urgent ass
well mr mccain lots of idiots out there     sad
yes!!! that was my crazy ass!!! bitch you still look bomb af
i hate for somebody to blow my phone up  i will still ignore u bitch
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
im so mother fucking violent  yeah bitch yeah bitch im with steve-o  we bustin bottles with bad
(oh yeah  and it seems is stronger now  no word on if he merged with his evil hell twin  though )
rip sasha- you were one bad ass bitch
fucking sick i hate people
man i had everything from delia's  even one of those stupid ass inflatable chairs  i lived the delia
kenya moore files restraining order against retarded rent-a-boyfriend matt jordan -
i'd rather be known as an asshole for calling someone on their bullshit than an idiot for pretending that it doesn't exist
the airport eerience is so bad that you could take it as a genius plan to decongest the damn thing
is the apc a bumbling eunuch or a retarded infant? the nation wouldn t be this polarized  if the
fucked up! the hill is baseball history! smh
my body is so swollen rn  i bet it's because of that stupid pancake i tried to eat today
everything's fucking annoying today
throwing her shells on the floor like a fucking savage! [photo credit
yeah not great  the ref yesterday was pissing me off! our end product is awful at the moment  too wasteful
you a stupid ass lmaoooo
i hate all tv channels now   only ik is everywhere  ye channels bik gaye hain dash
oh man  this episode of lost tapes is really fucking stupid  where are the luchadors?
man i seriously fucking hate drawing stuff i dont like
we all know a bad bitch named megan
i'all give a bitch her props before i hate on her !
reason why these bitches secretly hate me
i think it's because the journalist came across like an idiot for failing to do his research about s
fucking disgusting
[shark dick jokes]
highlight of the day  i lost my fucking ring!!
i already had to use my horn on idiot drivers on my fuckin birthday   can you not be stupid for a day? one day
i hate how often i get pissed at people for not understanding my anxiety
so my brother called me &amp; asked me to support him on his tour    of course i said fucking yes!
hey heard your rant  way to go  let those idiots have it  maybe give the prez have it too
u even a bird if u don't whack on ya jammies  pop ur hair in an ugly bun n let everything hang south when u get home a
miso soup with silky tofu (still boring as hell but not as shut this time)  rice and pickles gion
whoever controls the sirens is fucking with everybody!!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
i just always hated them my mom used to make them all the damn time
fuck it up !!!!
if you cant handle me at my worst then you probably cant handle me at all because im a fuckin nightmare /7!
the official scorer should probably just go home  dude is fucking horrible at his job
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
luis ; headass  recklesz ; head ass   shameless prison break breaking bad
fuck that!!!!
someone graffiti'd my fucking package !!!
just fucking screamed at my tv!!!!!!! yessssssssss
i don't want fans at the ever again  these idiots are hijacking the show and they're interrupting every speech
k104 is gonna be so sick of me holy hell
i b dtfl how yall jazz yall ugly ass friends
i'm beginning to think they are all freaking idiots! lead  follow or get the hell out of the way!
your childhood was boring if you didn't hump your cousins
i can't stand muh fuckas who think they can just sleep thru or wait out a baby cryin get the fuck up handle your fuckin responsibilities!!!!
ain no lil bitch my bark just as bad as my bite tf
trump and his cronies  are sick deranged bastards
when you tell that nonsense to you idiot friends do they believe you?!
gerina is the worst being on this motherfucking planet
dyou know what i hate???? when lectureres switch up the lecture schedule n it fucks with the upcoming assignments b
opened min ago  is so fuckin annoying  a dinny send messages for the ged of ma health a send them for a fuckin reply
here in oklahoma we cut funding for everything &amp; wonder why our roads are shitty &amp; kids are stupid
lmfao nasty ass lemonade dawg  i was rooting for her
if the idiot son-in-law deposes the insane racist  that's an improvement
the blokes an idiot he has issues
i hate that motherfucking turtle faces asshole
(someone please take twitter away from me  i can't be trusted with it and i'm making a tit of myself)
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
aoibh does this thing where she stops fucking answering me out of nowhere and just goes to sleep and it's annoying
and then y'all always like to go  well their singers not dancers  if that's the case then bitch don't fucking dance !
i need y'all support with this one we gotta get this queen to take on lil stupid ass part /
with syria attack  trump resets his presidency - for now he is still a moron and unqualified to lead
'we ll have two diff ways after about yrs'-she whispered sometimes  reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
some idiot bird on now saying its is sexist that fairy tales make females the villian  have gone m
isis calls trump an 'idiot' and tells u s  to await 'bloodbath' in official comments
people grandmothers want to get fucked up today cause i don't have time for their nasty ass attitude and rudeness
*inserts boring ass halo eye look on to the tl *
i hate this fucking family
april fools motherfucker  i'm a bad bitch i can't miss nobody
that dude is just a attention seeking idiot
lil kim dick riders are the worst ppl on twitter
i hate when people say i'm probably going to miss school once i graduate ummmm i fucking doubt it
it wasn't  kushner's  brain child  kushner is a fucking moron  it was kogan and chayanov's brain child
have i ever mentioned how much i fucking hate my sister
how do i keep living after matty singing somebody else to me? how on fucking earth!?
get outa the roads you idiots
when your two friends  are too drunk to get they ass  out of the damn car!!!!
that's why u suck at mancala witcho stupid ass
you asshole's are both idiots !!
one thing i hate is niggas that ignore you like you their bitch  nigga just tell me what it is
there are some bloody north indians assholes throwing thrashing haphazardly in raja sear
you my nasty slut ?   you like this dick huh ?
hate working in the fucking rain
isis message calls trump foolish idiot
this guy is a nut case he should get the hell out of this country he is sickening
boring boring a c  milan and very hard can score goal in this season serie a tim   damn
i've hit some unattractive women in my day    but lord them tally niggas is disgusting for this one
a conman as our president!! watching idiots praise him! trump isn't % the man o
i hate an  idk  ass nigga like take your boring ass somewhere else
rt if you have been calledugly worthless cunt bitch slut someone who supports bob bryar brat whore emo freak nerd monster w
shitting hell as if one of those aircraft carrier planes just almost hit my bloody roof  clipped the bloody tree!!
some people stand when they wipe  is that some sort of fucking disgusting joke?
whyyy!!! this idiot is sending us into
just an ugly ass nigga wit some dreams on him |
im so fucking sick of trump using the word  us  like nooooooo
i'm so ugly                           april fools bitch you thought
i'm sorry but ppl who think brendon urie is the epitome of vocal talent are so fucking boring
law &amp; order potus trump is here to keep us safe he ain't fucking around!!i c e  is doing there job illegals out!
you bitches are hella annoying  learn how to respect a relationship !
fuck it we got four belts give them all the titles!!!!!
i gotta bad ass bitch just bouncin on my dick
i hate the feeling of knowing there's nothing you can do to change something you wanna fucking change
it's cold as hell in here  i just turned the heat off and it's like it was never on!
i'm not gonna get my parcels if the delivery people can't get over the fucking bridge!!!
i don't told ya ass you're overheating bc my nose would bleed and i'd get real sick when i got overheated
sickening to see trump fawning over thug dictator of egypt when he practically snubbed merkel! birds of a feather
fuck y'all!!!!!!!
rufkm?! no one gives a crap about nelle &amp; this story suck  you guys are so damn tone deaf with your audience  http
i added a video to a playlist prog idiot box ep34 s1
bro i have bought resident evil like six dofferent times buy the damn game
whatever  i can't believe i'm still doing these insane fact checks  so buy my fucking book  /end
isis to america you're being ruled by an idiot
flipping virgins episode the couple are idiots the lady is stupid you're there for the money
i be on my ugly ass niggah line
i am fucking yelling! rt  it (2017)
fucking slayyyyyyyy mama let em know!
his shitty ass deserved it for all the bad things he said and did to us karma's a bitch
not everyone buddy  who thinks that's they don't even knw what is india and it's diversity    in one word they r simply idiots
what a fuckin idiot smh  cracked my windshield now i won't pass state inspection
y'all are nasty and are going to hell
i hate a lying ass sneaky bastard
a war over gibraltar when everyone in europe fucking hates us and with  000 eats living in spain! what could possi
fucking russians again!
[!!] still in melon at pm kst
no matter what idiot trumph does he has no respect  anywhere!noone  likes him noone respects him his ratings are in the s  tanking
i lost my $500 pair of glasses so basically i fucking hate myself
nasty loves getting in the ass &gt;&gt;
rereading this piece today is just    too fucking painful
attack dog  us media meekly kowtows to noted idiot trump after show of force  like timid piglets cowering before a wolf wit
when i'm pissed i turn into a cry baby or either a crazy ass bitch! or both! there's no in between!
he was always a swamp monster you idiot
[info] highest postion on melon2014/04/28 - /03/25 - /04/03 - /04/04 -
whatever mccain  you supported this ignorant idiot and he called you a loser and gave a m
russ drawlin  this nigga want them assist so bad
it's insane how shitty someone can be
we're all self-destructive  we're all fucking stupid sometimes  we all make massively awkward  irreversible mistakes
it's episode   not season episode you retarded monkeys
niggas will speak so bad on you  despise everything you do  but be all in yo ass
i fucking hate bryce  that episode was so triggering i almost cried
cause i'm not a robot or a kiss ass and they hate it
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
that tracer skin is so fucking ugly  never using that
i hate these ungrateful ass bitches
fuck relationships this is gonna be me and my bestfriend whatcha thought !!!!!!
you haven't done anything  but divide this country  create fear &amp; make us look like idiots to the world  p s  -
hannah did not deserve any fucking hate from all those assholes at school  her &amp; clay deserved to be together
i'm worried that naomi is going to get ruined by these idiots
bloody fucking hell
can't sleep /fb told me that yrs ago was nola so i found that vid of us on the idiot bike singing the trololo song on ur insta
thou shalt not put words in god's mouth  you bigoted bible humper! shut your fucking face!
idiot trump blames syria chemical attack on president obama's decision not to go to war  forgetting that he begged oba
isis  us being run by an idiot'
tfw it's also pretending like them calling you a stupid bitch and then fucking your wife is heroics
i tell myself i'm not gonna get my hopes up every time and then i fucking do bc i'm a moron
i'm so ugly                           april fools bitch you thought
have you ever wondered what happens when jirachi uses pulverizing pancake (snorlax's z-move)? bad things happen
lana doesn't have a bad album gays just like upbeat songs
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
dear trump supporters i'll stop calling you all idiots once he stops doing this
just dropped my phone in mayonnaise  fucking hellman!
a fucking body!
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
the traphall ep6 is so fucking insane
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
boo boo kitty is one bad mofo! bad move trying to take lucifer out u know his ass don't die
an idiot i had to listen to while i was getting my eyebrows done
send a flight for a bad bitch over night for a bad bitch!
how can you sit there &amp; even attempt to talk bad about someone knowing damn well you have skeletons in your closet
rick and morty er det fucking sjoveste everrrrrr!!
i'm having the worst day fuck i knew nothing in any of those classes
kendall why are all your tweets fucking stupid
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
damn you  you vulgar beast who thinks of nothing but money  have some shame   !
fucking hell look at the beauty monica geller!!
these bitches too damn stupid
can't believe what can idiot you are william!!!
of my fav parts is that they called carter page an idiot and he tells wapo yep thats me! i'm the idiot in this di
i wish they would've shown the cops kickn some ass on the violent protests then drinkn pepsi to refresh! peacefalsenarrative
/he also a pathological liar so why would anyone believe him  he is puting our country in a very dangerous place
worst thing about fucking my hand up is that i can't drive
she text me  i hate you  i hate you  i hate you  i hate you but how the fuck can you hate me?
im so fucking hungry rn     i have nothing to eeeaaatttt!!!
come your ugly ass to class maybe you would see me!
vulgar videos from hell was re-released by rhino on this day in   pick up a copy here https//
like the idiot you speak on his behalf
yo was fucking lit tonight i almost died omfg yass get that paycheck boy!!!!!
i am a bad eat  i've just bought all of the remaining pots of hummus in my dordogne supermarket
my video and my annoying ass voice that should be muted for life
come the fuck through huckleberry !!!
chanting cm punk at every fucking mcmahon is so boring
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
shits annoying!
i'm fucking sick of people telling me what to do with my life    it's my life i'll figure it out myself
when  zil is in the mood man  bloody hell he can lift this team
fucking jennings would it kill you to pass a ball ever?!
ever since bellerin became a bad bitch his performance has been awful
being beyond pissed off when you're ill is the worst
dislike people who think they can speak to you whatever way they want   get urself n ur horrible attitude to fuck
prison breakkk todayyyyy im fucking hypeddd!!!
you're fucked up  that's what! hipster bitch!
any chance one of these three idiots will run with this story?
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
is telling you that you are worthless  ask yourself  if i am all those things then why isn't he leaving me the hell alone?
grabbing you by the face and saying   i'm the fucking line leader!
i swear hoes be so intimidated by me   no i won't take your nigga after all the times he tried to fwm   be mad at that nigga ! not me sis
no think about it  trump is like that one retarded kid who use fireworks to blow up a h
i already have two idiots at home  jealous?
and your services  your navigation and your customer service is fucking stupid and disgusting
me hey mom can we go buy some melatonin at the storemom go stand in the sun stupid ass
lets fucking gooooooooooooooooooooo morgan got dam williams!!!!!!!
a dumbass play to end this awful game
this fatuous idiot believes all he has to do is issue an order
const requires /3ds vote to override a presidential veto  according to idiot mccain  it also takes /3ds vote to pass law
jesus titty fucking christ that's badass!
i was in a bad mood but you can bet your ass i'm not anymore
stop saying you're going stop fucking w ppl  do it! stop saying you're going to grind &amp; just do it! move in silence! no
you are insulting=guess you are jealoushow respect or leave my country idiot
this bitch wanna be a penguin so bad
which son  the idiot or the moron? i can never remember which one is which!
[melon] jumped places to artist in melon
why was suspended?they're press &amp; shouldn't be censored cuz butt hurt idiots reported
word i'm the retard
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
or  hey  maybe retconning captain america into a nazi is bad for sales
you say you hate me but you stalk my page you fucking hypocrite
the fuck is a caucasian!!!
that rifle punched the f$k out of his very stupid ass
listen to all my bitches bad ~ juniii &amp; ant (prod  doofdum)ad-lib will by iansewellfanclub on
these niggas looking for a handout  so fucking pathetic
the word is evil bastard's i what the world to see these pictures now is time to stop this cruelty just disgusting cruelty
if you tweet out dui checkpoints to warn your stupid friends  your mom's a hoe
gotta keep bad bitches on my snap to inspire me
like they say  those who can  do  those who remain narcissistic idiots unwilling to learn
hope this happens to your liberal ass family because i will let it happen because of your stupid beliefs assholes
i hate wen a nigga wanna ig pop ut wen u ask for a address they still be igpoping like damn u wasteing my time if u not trying hit or shoot
they are driving instructors and now i look like an idiot
my friends fucked my mom!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
i fuckin hate the metro!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who's shocked that a douchebag bc student is going to class in nothing but sunglasses and a burberry robe during a thunderstorm
who is tweeting this crap? zizi? jimmy? or arch idiots faith and bathabile?
yes i should  but i won't goodbye liar  go tell that idiot baboon girlfriend of yours to go
i hate when people text me using some irregular ass lingo
a fucking body!
idk barry is just being so stupid and it's pissing me off
capricorns r so fucking boring can we talk about that
bestial invasion - see you in hell (grim reaper cover) teaser
that beat is fucking brutal i cant wait
akademiks is fucking ugly lmfaooooo
can't be worst than our head fuckin joke ! still turn use over in two weeks ya fucker ya
ugly but got the balls to talk not like your pussy ass
that was awful but damn look at the lavishly appointed pepsi tub here
fucking killing it!!!!! slayyy ma
all these fuckers who thought email and a nebulous speech to goldman sachs were disqualifying look real fucking petty and
these idiots need to stick to acting   tiny fay would be a b level porn star if she didn't look like sarah palin
oh shut the hell up you disgusting ass  you don't apologize  and she has nothing to apologize for
tit for tat - daughter judge made doubtful orders in gujrat encounter cases  now her father cm charged by cbi
just caught up  but you're a bad ass country dude  congrats buddy
can y'all stop using that nigga word to describe your man? cause yall would hate for your man to call you his bitch instea
all this stuff about you idiot
what a fucking line-up by conte! let's do this!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
idiot you didn't even tag me lmfao
nigga be feeling ya but soon as you do one stupid thing     it's all gone w/ the wind
this ugly ass dude chance     you still my nigga though
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
if your mans is ever in my dms i'm sending u the screenshots so u can leave his lil ugly ass girl i'd hope y'all would do
always make an idiot out of myself when i go town ffs
thank you to all of the idiots who voted for   what do you think of him now??
are you oka - wait  i know you hate that - how fucked up are things now?
that feckin judas with his oul orange  grrrr!
sticks my leg out  boring bitch til the end of time
just days ago  we cyber bullied pablo  now y'all want to start on ore too? including the idiots who can't do without filters
my day has been fucking made !!!!!
poor bill o' reilly!! krama is a bitch  you fuck boy!!!
can they replace the idiots on smackdown commentary ?
i can't fucking get educated  barbara! not all of us grew up with parents who had -5 stable jobs! i don't need another loan recommendation!
i come from a city where bitches will hate you about anything
i've been doing some research and i think the problem is that people are actually stupid fucking idiots
because the democrats are retarded and pays out a lot of money
barack obama - blithering idiot - w/ cnn video remember this?
bad ass summer transfer
wh needs to stop treating people of the us like they're idiots &amp; admit that trump would rather be on the golf course tha
oh    you fucking evil pricks!
he knows he was hated cuz stupid sob fired all generals that didn't patronize his sorry ass islamic apologistic bs&amp;horribl
mfs hate me in the worst ways &amp; i gives no fucks at all
yes we can see that retard
when i was sick ass hell on my death bed all i wanted was my momma
too idiots at a time please
hell ya im to grown to have bad sex  ya body count gotta be +
girls will hate you just for your charisma  bitch i can't help it !!!
it's no use    if we're fucked up you're to blame!
i'm calling the fucking police!
i see him as an idiot who made a stupid statement t
i'm a bad bitch you can't kill me
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
if this girl don't stfu about her walking out of class and going to chill out like do you want a cookie or something ms  bad ass
take chelsea ugly ass with u
attack dog  us media meekly kowtows to noted idiot trump after show of force  like timid piglets cowering before a wolf wit
the number angel shows are gonna be fucking wiiiiild!! opening in sf &amp; ny with joining in n
alright    what's the fucking point of this? this is compeltely asinine!
accosted by shinji matou this morning   would nnot fuck off  awful  screeching voice  overpowering urine smell  terrible  ter
be off jump that's all i ever ask for  y'all niggas don't wanna b out here lookin stupid neither do us females so let us know  please
bruce timm is a fucking idiot at this point  like what we not about to do is turn harley into a got damned rapist
i just found out girls poop and that's fucking disgusting so no girlfriend for me
who the hell is chopping onions in this theatre? i'm just trying to watch logan slash some bad guys with his claws
fucking  ets  disease!!! mets/jets and  for some of you truly sorry fools  the nets as well  these hosts are invaded by a virus that just&gt;
all these damn painful memories
this bitch annoying af too smh
i'm so ugly                           april fools bitch you thought
god you're an idiot bettman! the king knows what's up!
i hate this fuxking bitch ; fall out the window i don't care
it wasn't  kushner's  brain child  kushner is a fucking moron  it was kogan and chayanov's brain child
susan rice  unmasking  thing still bullshit even though republicans hate her a lot via
damn you internet   bloody jio   prime user ki kio respect hi nai hai
you are an idiot
sign me the fuck up!!!
i'll see yous in the fucking dock!
i'm just really fucking stupid and i hate myselfi didn't go to tuesday evening class and i'm not going to either class today and yesterday
this bad bitch
yoooooo rise n grind  theres a bag out there  get the fuck up and get to it  lets go!!!!!
they're all idiots dangerous idiots
haters  yg artists are bunch of elitist and arrogant fuckers who hate everyone dara
bitch you about stupid asf
fucking stupid
oh  you did clapping hands emoji  congrats  you're the fucking worst
can't relate!!! i hate you for thisfucken hell im calling the cops
i don't get how you can be pathetic for not liking people? if someone fucks one of my mates over i fking hate the bitch
if you hate me bcus of a nigga seek help sis
the grab them by the pussy doctrine is going to prove disastrous  you can hear it in his nuke rhetoric  if we have them
a nigga will suck tf outta u then try to get sick like they wasn't on u
every one of you folks are fucking idiots
harris is the biggest prick out here i legit hate u rn
the traffic on crosstimbers is so fucking annoying
humans are so fucking sick in the head  no depth in which humanity wont sink
who ever come up with this is an idiot  ititit  my foot zuma must gooooo!!
it's your responsibility to report on what the labour party are saying!  yeah  that's one of the fucking problems jeremy!
it's joan fucking crawford!!!!
remember  your pathetic self would be a heap of nazi ash were it not for the generosity of the united states  shouldve let u burn
why cheat on someone who gave you their all  i swear y'all are so fucking stupid smh
horrible cunt that ross barkley  bad tackles and shocking tackle  how the fuck is he still on the pitch!!
[645am] mile12 to ketu is building up  to alausa by service lane is building up likewise to fruit market
this world is cruel as fuck and don't you believe otherwise
i hate hoes who attitude don't add up to they looks
tyler is disgusting  clay is fucking dramatic and a pain in the ass  justin    he's a pussy   this show put me th
hanging out with my fave idiots
my head ass two years ago was like omg tattoos are bad piercings are bad drugs are bad alcohol is bad and me now is like haha
fuck orange fanta i got water!!!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
fuck trump' violence on women'!!!
i got time for you pineapple on pizza motherfuckers today  disgusting pricks
i'll die before i game you miserable sons of bitches
dude is an idiot he won't make it in the nba
holy fuck yes!!!!
like what are you doing we're all stuck on this rock floating in space stop being so fucking miserable
i hate when niggas be like  bring a friend for my bro  like nigga i'm not even bringing me for you lmfaoo gtfoh
aesthetically disgusting wind turbines wreaking havoc on migrating birds and bats
every time i mention something about eating butt  here he go he wanna eat my ass bad as hell man  i'm telling y'all
it's really disgusting the amount of bitches you niggas cum into   like take pride in your wood    before it falls off!!!!
yessss fuck yessssssssssssssss omgggggg yesssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah i'm in the nra    the national retard association
it's crazy cause you can be all for a nigga   &amp; they still out here doing them !
note to self; the sooner you realise nobody cares the sooner you can stop making an idiot out of yourself
fuck yess its heree!!! &amp; for
wu a t da fuck why   how      she is the fuckin worst
y are these idiots not look into for ties with russia hillary/bill
in case anyone forgot  the idiot who blamed obama for today's syrian chemical attack was against bombing syria in   as
grown men would literally block my path with their cars at age   demand my number  was terrifying as fuck
y'all niggas be cheating on bad bitches for a man looking ass bitch   never fully understood why
if somebody brought my ugly ass horchata you would have my heart for life
i really hate that girl who shares a class with me! like she keeps mistaking my answers in the lecture in front of my crush! ffs fuck off!
swear to god this kids that cry bitch and complain all the time are so annoying  this dude swears he is depressed
cause they some stupid bitches
nigga u just like me   how u gone hate when u just like me niggas don't understand they lost oh probably bc they ain't me
why is everything about being a girl so damn annoying
yeah  uconn women's basketball team didn't score in '07 not even fuckin close    idiots
trudeau the useless idiot pm has to go !!
i pitch a startup business to your annoying snatch
girl shut up  you're an idiot you have no clue what you're talking about keep it moving
normani did u rest? bad bitches needs to
the idiot report part trump suggests rice committed crime  citing no evidence  via
fuck yeah!!!!!
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
fucking up all night studying gonna pass all my test!
n this is our team work unlike aap who is dependent on just idiot khujliwal
this girl just said you know how they have lemonade stands i wished they had dick stands sick
me [describes what a  dongle  is]katelyn thats just a penis! you just described a penis
no that's not what globalism means at all  you fucking moron  are you that uneducated?
im fucking dying?!?! i cant believe we both died today
wife has decided to join me for my workout today   let fucking go!!!
looks who i'll be fucking on my snap this month! http
michael is ugly  bitch where?
just for the record     i fucking hate my ex boyfriend  hate  with a goddamn burning motherfucking passion
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
from the environmentally retarded sessions
it's about damned time that idiot got  nervous   i've been  nervous  since the freaking election
wit them glock heads fucking up the spot !
the earth is a globe  i make my living placing satellites in orbit around it  get over it you fucking idiot
i fucking wore heels to go to walemania  i hate myself
also but to mix it with trash ass candy corn is horrible
as much as i hate his bitch ass  draymond does deserve dpoy
i wouldn't even put myself in that predicament  you bitches retarded
(315) i said i wanted pizza tattoo on my ass and the tattooist asked me what i wanted on it
holy shit she's coming baaaaack!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
&amp; you know i keep a gang of bad bitches with me too
dear your an idiot   give up your $$$ as well as u idiot give up your money! and
years ago today  we entered a war as idiots
piss me off when i'm in a bad mood and you'll never hear from me again
omg the beauty and the beast is the worst movie i have seen this year that was so fucking boring
trash ass person  hate him
p3 all the adults are crazyp4 all the adults are stupid p5 all the adults are assholes
he told me he ain't like his bitches boring pull up with a bitch that look like she foreign
whoops! my dude radar fucked up again! i have me so i know where you're com
wooooooo bad bitch can't wait
or your pound ass can go to tumblr where the rest of you fucking dyed pubic hair retards are at
i hope this isn't an april fool's prank  fucking disgusting
whoever is writing this shit is a sick idiot  to glorify going to war! you are pathetic
praveen kumar always looks frustrated and pissed off   as if he is the cm of delhi
niggas think they want me so bad until they get a taste of this attitude
idiots let them go march
we have shot ourselves in the foot as women    raising these useless ass men  it is a horrible cycle
% agree  and until    let the know everyone fucking hates them!!!
those alone play hell on your body too  along with being emotionally devastating  i can t imagine havin
get the fuck stop shooting yall shots !! don't dm me !
people are soo fucking annoying
the nazi death gas so horrific even hitler feared using it
goaaal everton lets fucking go blues!!! fuck liverpool
fuck you it is nothing but a promotion of your brand  you fucking snake!!!!!
pathetic club that comes out with bullshit like he's no longer a target because we've been beaten again
god doesn't have a fucking thing do with this madness! this is part of the evil engulfing r nation!
has to be city on lockdown because of that fucking sick drop
why are these lying  malevolent arseholes still tweeting?
ouch  i have a chronic pain problem which also massively fucked my sleep  it s awful isn t it?
basically  for a friday night dump  i'd say the shit just hit the fan!!!lock him up!!!!!
and by who's authority??? congress - senate??? you idiot nobody knew anything but the wh  that's not how
bloody hell stop splitting hairs woman!!!!
kim wonsik's hair ohmygod its purple holy shit !!!!!!
brutal carrero blanco 'shooting stars' por
hiccups  you idiot want to become
yes pta gents are  unfaithful   but have y'all seen our fellow jhb bros? ba tlao bontsa marao a noga mafra! esp niggas from
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
i just hate how niggas be wearing jordan sweat pants with some sketchers shoes like brodie you wanna use my sneakers ?   no sw
it takes two seconds to search keywords on twitter and find butthurt idiots like you though
who the hell cares about hilary except you? freaking moron
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
fuck that!!!!
we got you lady   we fucking got you !!!!!
retarded promo video  racist &amp; bigot!
springer can't steal a base  but that fucker can hit the ball! hell of a game!
she bad and she paid  that's my kinda bitch
that strategy is so fucked up and annoying
niggas think weed &amp; henny is life then wonder why they miserable  moms don't fuck w/ them  cant keep a bitch  broke &amp; dirty
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
yeah i may get pissed for a minute but i'll never abandon you  i don't leave people  &amp; that's why it hurts so bad when peop
it's been fucking hours kaylee do something with yourself!!!!
when this damn bell gonna ring i'm so sick of school
it's pathetic when people can't admit to their fuck ups
[pann] heol eppis  we're on melon's hall of fame!!!
this is so fucking disgusting i swear to god  i' really really sorry for your loss  humans who do that are fucking
that they made a bad bitch
fucking hell!
i hate tf out of this home health care job always fucking up my checks
idiot in chief can't even stay in script when he's talking about bombing a country he refused to accept refugees from
cleanse myself from that filthy show by watching something wholesome and queer
yeah  uconn women's basketball team didn't score in '07 not even fuckin close    idiots
hopefully they make them in your size idiot
so cummings appealed to trump's vanity to encourage him to change his awful behavior  trump heard it as a compliment  yep  he is sick
you get no respect   because you deserve none   you're an idiot
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
i hate you bitchhhhh yea i hate you bitch never thought i say it but i hate you bitch
a fucking body!
i wanna be badder than the bad bitch i already am
competitive being a fucking ladder system that matches you based on ranked rather than skill level  s rank is literally the stupidest
i hate hating ass girls bro !!
idiot shoots idiot at idiot headquarters
i'm smiling like an idiot while watching videos of them
somebody said u retarded baby rt  i'm dying niggas be in the comments talmbout  do u swallow
i hate hoes who attitude don't add up to they looks
this is what you call a fucking snack! &amp; breakfast  lunch &amp; dinner  can't forget dessert
isis  us being run by an idiot'
hate hate hate you bitches who kick it with hella guys talking about that's your squad n those are your bros when they all
look  i get it  the nba can't force an owner to sell bec he's an idiot  but they can and should fine/punish the hell out of t
grant's story is the cutest thing ever omg omg i'd hate to be the guy who called him a dick
bad ass jam from of
retweeted derlesu () people of california didn't vote for this    idiot politicians did who want votes    htt
having a iphone is the worst they should've made a damn hole for my headphones
bullshit  how the hell do you make goldberg lose  f--king crap
no  no  you fucking idiots  no  w  t  h were you thinking? howgddareyou?
everything should have an edit button and auto correct shouldn't be a fucking idiot! and ps no one ever says ducking
yall hoes are so biased it's disgusting
fuck yes dan! i was waitig for you to see this!!!!
holy shit the broken hardys are wrestlemania!!!!!!!! im marking the fuck out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no you dont hit a grandpa &amp; leave you sick bastard
sickening photos of migrant birds needlessly slaughtered in (via )
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
this is fucking stupid  here's an rko  -
justice for bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! plz sign
in case you are an idiotor a trump supporter
remember when the idiots in cable news were concerned about bush/clinton dynasties? now we have a grifter family in d
ir a hacer ejercicio con gripa fuckin' worst decision ever
q  hbr  high brow rhetorics    her bot remixes    her bloody rubbish ooow honey beez bullshit what
say what? ??????     you are  sick bitch
yeah  marchand just slashed a guy in the gooch so bad i just put on a cup to watch the rest of this game  insane
umm  they don't work at all and just make trump look like an idiot
rot in hell all of you dirty evil bastardsmccain  mcmullin  kinzinger are all in bed together to topple assad  https/
hope rots in the hottest place of hell for eternity  quite an evil man
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
i hate a girl thats always sippin somebody elses tea  skrt your nosey ass somewhere else
he said he need a bad bitch with a alibi
crazy fucked up world that condemns the brutal death of children by chemical weapons but not the brutal death by conve
niggas always tryna hate on music i like on twitter  y'all niggas got some retarded ears
reason why these bitches secretly hate me
danielle gone say this girl vagina is bad built
lawd these hoes on just dont give a fuck!!!!!
vanilla ice should have let me kick iggy  he knows i fucking hate dogs
gotta give trump credit for thoroughness  he's literally trying to do all of the awful things  like every fucking one
who coined the idiom  caught between two stools ? they must have been an idiot not to move to of them
if you intend on being an idiot unfollow me  if you would like k patriots from my fb page tae dae yer nut
your government you idiot!! wake the fuck up   being too patriotic make
cut the crap and stick together interview with kill bitches to dress foxes via
these people are fucking sick
and this fucking lot have something to do with representing us? what a bunch of twats and wankers!
agree we had all that crap aswell never had a pot to pee in then when you get a
crazy     rt  damn !! can't believe y'all suspended my bro for defending his moms!!!
i hate when ppl in tv shows put their shoes on the couch get ur fuckin dirt steppers off the sitting place
olivia is another god awful cunt  get her off the fucking tele too
answered  just scream!  on all the questions i didn't know  because refresher safety course are so damn boring
[breaking] damning news delays by sending letters to board saying they can't perform
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
the idiot of the day via
this design is so bad ass
that ain't even a lot them ugly hoes be triiiiippin
goldfinger is sooo damn evil why kill people?
i hate these games cause i'm so fucking nosy i wanna know what every ones questions were
i got niggas hate me like i'm donald trump
i hate when i get  i thought u said u weren't gonna drink anymore  messages  like bitch u knew i was lying  mind ur business h
would this brainless retard that claims to be my father just hurry up and die? ? ???????
nah man im just sick of seeing that  joke  every damn year lav
bro you niggas that drink milk in the morning are out of your mind  that's like the worst way to start your day  y'all are c
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
i hate when people smack their food that shits so annoying
why the f*** are people like this?! the boys were so exited to show us the album but no thereare these idiots who h
bloody hell
me too ! damn he's stupid and people lo
and jesus fucking christ do i hate their grampa
soccer  (vie-vl1) vs  -1  goal for ho chi minh city
and the left-wing idiots immediately jump on board
if you dont like me bitch hate me i give no fucks
well  this pot pie didn't look too bad a minute ago  &lt;throws out window&gt;
bitches that do anything for niggas they just met make me sick
somewhere in is having a fucking party!
when your mom sleeping with the barber but the pussy bad
what if and collab  that would be fucking sick
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
visit mi site jav idol schoolgirls fucked by masked man in there classroom creampies for all outrageous jav idol
i fucking hate this song
concentrate on your stupid cunt of a club
he was just a puppet idiot on a string!!
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
goddammit i hate brock lesnar  his matches are fucking boring
i'm sick of falling asleep on my phone and it dying in my sleep pissing man off now
can we all give my gal katie for just being a bad bitch
he is rubbish  a subhuman idiot ! him and his friends
hate when people just start pulling out of junctions when you've not even let them out just makes me not let them out  twats
you don't see she is fully prepared with her paper work may idiot write that for her  time to
the storms here aren't fucking nuts!
you are retarded
this is not just in 's hands it's in this miserable world's hands tooevery country &amp; every bastard president w
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
reason we don't get along wit russia is because of the kennedys  they wanted to put a base in cuba and he said hell naw
i can see the headlines now     no service for andy carroll at the vodafone stadium tonight   can't fucking wait!
i just wanna get my makeup   eyebrows  nails  hair done  throw on a bad ass outfit &amp; go out with friends  drinks  danc
yeah  marchand just slashed a guy in the gooch so bad i just put on a cup to watch the rest of this game  insane
if you know he got a bitch why talk to him or fw him    let alone fuck him  you ho's disgusting  it's one thing if u don't know
there's no time to discriminate    hate every motherfucker that's in your way!
who have a girlfriend that don't bitch or trip on them ? nobody! that's impossible to find !
and then dumbasses will claim that the paint job is bad
why do people wear bikinis that look like fucking thongs like does ur dad hate u or something
hardys are the fucking tag champions again!!!!! take your presumptions and delete them!!
bloody hell bloody heaven bloody bell !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
your job is dancing like a hoe laughing it up with sex talk w homosexuals and your anger with pj is displaced
yeah! i wish all the idiots that promised to leave  would for once keep their w
trump is one stupid freaking idiot
fuck franklin cheerleading !!!!!!!!!!!
fuckin weirdo but i felt bad kinda
vegetarian  ancient tribal slang for the village idiot who can't hunt  fish or ride!
psa stop doing the  who has visited your twitter  shits annoying  thank you
don't be that bitch that's mad forever cause the nigga has a place for me in his heart!
fucking get in  reds!
despite being slapped in the face and kicked in the ass by the voters  the msm are still forcing their ugly trump opinions o
i added a video to a playlist  the force awakens a bad lip reading  (featuring mark hamill as han
fucking john wall hitting rudy in the nuts  muddafucker!!
gotta bad bitch and she can't keep her clothes on so i'm like bend over  stop and strike that pose
(ig) skeet dragging cole away on lili's story
never argue with a bitch you can kill by just stepping out on your worst day we both know why that bitch mad sis
stop storing the pot of lies it's pathetic atleased nunes is trying to get to the bottom of it all
i knew it  the cars in timeless river are fucking monsters and i hate them
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
anybody who is rooting for is a fucking imbecile
a fucking body!
this is insane! boys can't wear makeup!?!? why does this even matter to begin with?? fuck societal constructs  i'm a fuc
i honestly hate that this is happening so much  i can't fucking imagine how the people feel over there
ion talk nor fuck with nobody !!!
please beat the yankees  i hate the yankees
y'all hoes out here moving nasty  this world so dirty man!
just wanted to say ugly as hell
i hate when mfs knock on the bathroom door and ask if i'm in the bathroom no bitch i'm in the sink
i hate when niggas throw    under my pics    i don't speak emoji  are u getting me a ring? are u gon wife me? tell me what is it?
every time bent tory mps bad mouth the honourable london taxi trade i resolve never to pick the prick up
these hoes are miserable fall in they traps you will be tooo!
this beast titan going to be a fucking problem!!!!
jin  (it's food goddamnit  no way in hell would he let you off over it )
she's a fucking moron i can't
my heart just fucking dropped  no!!!
i hate y'all stupid ass philky kids who started putting an  o  in  bul  its youngbul not youngboul
now i get it reasons why is that boring ass book i read like years ago
stfu ur retarded cash do you even watch raptor and pacer games
alotta niggas hate &amp; sneak dissing but i missed dat  catch em in traffic he swear he ain't wit dat
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
ugly niggas that refuse to admit they're ugly are the worst
stop fucking bringing up diabetes to fat people as if we don't know  as if doctors aren't already terrifying us with it eve
people annoying ima b an angel by my damn self
he is an idiot &amp; can't wait till we all come out to vote against him like we all did
the army forces you to lower your standards    sike you got me fucked up!!
chekhov on tuesday  any idiot can cope with a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out
fucking thank you!!!!!
u shouldn't be a reporter if that's the way u see it get a clue idiot
donald trump you are literally delusional and alex jones is an idiot
i hate when i almost get hit by a car  fucking finish the deed
you're fucking insane if you think any of  web security  measures
from what i heard dragon maid's alright  if you can ignore all the bad anime bullshit it has
california has a bunch of idiots in leadership and colleges  the crybaby state
out! kick them all out! frump is an idiot i am sick of him being a sexist disgusting rrr    so upset
i'm calling out of work tomorrow  i'm fucking sick
i hate when james act retarded like he don't get what i'm saying
basically both the sa and usa presidents are idiots end of story
bitches don't know if they wanna be your friend or hate on you
i hate when a song reminds me of someone i give fucks about
goes for rap's crown ????? you idiots he already has it
i wonder if i'm looked at as the bad guy here cuz like tf nigga  ? i ain't
i'm not being melodramatic here! i'm just stating the mother fucking fact you asshole!
the lads at work said i'm comedy gold people can be really fucking cruel  like
y'all niggas is real sad &amp; pathetic
fucking it up girl!
i think we were all freaked out  but as freaky as it is  someone is fucking with you  and anyone else who calls!
isis  us being run by an idiot'
this could be us but you're all fucking idiots
all my friends are having babies and i'm over here  having to give my fish away cause i'm a fucking awful pet owner
idiots and dangerous murdering liars
cancelled my brother is an idiot and like always i have to go fix his problems!
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
they are both idiots and don't know if the are coming or going
if this is correct it's a fucking disaster!
holy fuck this is my worst nightmare
i swear if trump makes me get off my ass and go be a soldier i want that idiot impeached
if this gets k retweets  i will play eia mage which some idiots won games on rank with in toc vienna  days till deck s
why so bloody hell calculus (???!)
build the fucking wall! period!
niggas don't be savages ; they just be broke niggas with anger problems
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
and you know what son its still undertaker's yard           not your's you ugly son of a bitch
i'm stingy as fuck with my food  my man  my friends  basically anything that's mineeeeee!!!!!!!!!!
longwood nigga is sick about that l
omg im so ugly april fools bitch you thought
basketligan here we fucking come !!!!!!!!
north carolina won!!! fuck yeah!!!
would save us a fucking fortune!
the are a fucking terrible defensive team  no effort on that end at all
if i ever had a failed friend ship   it's because bitches sneaky hated &amp; wanted to compete with me instead of eat with me
ha! doubt you could do anything  you stupid fucking jew!  he smirked  but stayed put
this bitch claims to hate me but is stalking all my retweets and doesn't even follow me
got a bad case of 'mouse wrist' and it's fucking painful!
this bad lip reading of the force awakens features mark hamill as han solo - and he nails it
just got to accept that there are some cruel ass people in this world
kick his fucking ass tucker!!! fucking lib liars!!! way to go boy!!!!
soooooo sick of this shitty mood i'm always in
boo fucking hoo scumbag!   report steve bannon threatened to quit if removed from the national security council
china shocked by tit for tat policy of pm modi like never before   more details inside  please like india united
chekhov on tuesday  any idiot can cope with a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out
isis issues message  saying us is now  being run by an idiot who does not know what syria or iraq or islam is
and they're all retards hahahahahahaha
fuck my life!!!!!!
the media just fucking hate us
you fucking idiot
this is so fucking disgusting
christy fucking hemme is there i am emo do not speak to me i am outta here!!!!!
additionally  the platform is all about giving rights to the states  cities and the people  you idiots are being hypocrites
what the hell can anybody accomplish in one freaking hour  what an idiot that guy was  i hated working in groups
we realized after we tweeted that like the idiots we are
i'm really fucking sick of watching the republican party be rewarded for flagrantly degrading our democracy
grrrr fuck my keyboard !!! !!
just shocked that it stuck  and shocked the reds haven't booked ric flair yet  i prefer woo birds to boo birds
she's a stupid idiot
i'm this close in deleting the fucking game!!!
the fucking hardy boyz?!
*idiot *you rt    kyree you're a idiot get out my mentions   its *an idiot  not a idti
idiot trump doesn't know which reality show he's on
i hate people who are passive aggressive because i am aggressive and i will aggressively tell you how and why and the ways you piss me off
[!!] still in melon &amp; now trending in melon search
this is one boring ass friday night
i hate cry baby ass bitches ugggh it makes me sick
rumors are started by haters  spread by fools and accepted by idiots
if this idiot ravindra gaikwad had assaulted an air india representative on london bound flight he would
i don't think the sulking will stop for years   they've got no backbone   idiots !!
they hate me over a nigga or bc they  friend  don't like me
i betcha if obama would've said some crap like trump did  people would've dragged him to hell for saying it
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
i found this ugly ass tattoo that i want but i can't find it again
lmaoooo yes retard sea talking to you
power rangers was very disappointing  not an ounce of excitement in the tip of my penis when jason said  it's morphing time
been known to flex on any bitch that tried to say i'm boring
bad lip reads han solo
we aren't hitting our stupid fucking targets this year  don   do people still need to park  chad?   yes  don    raise the prices chad
idiot traitor trump in
do not take their bullshit to heart  there will always be somebody out there reasy to hate on you but thats because theyre jealous of how
that's just fuckin stupid  the kid should be eelled   that's the problem  people like you wa
hey maxine give it a rest    we all know ur disappointed    all that whoring for hillary by msm and d
u ! look ! fucking ! bomb ! every ! day !
random movie thoughts emma thompson is a goddamn treasure  even if the movie around her is terrible  she's always fla
those fucking dm's ain't from me people  don't fall for the trap!
streets say they fucking wit me! //
this update totally fucked auto correct for me my god it's annoying
and because i'm fucking sick of the whining over my prices i won't respond to it in dm so ma
i watch all her videos on ig like a fucking fan  she cracks me up!
election over months ago  thats all trumps idiot voters do waiting to destro
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' the winner is
asap please  our idiots in dc can't do it so let the obamacare system implode    no r
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
yo whos girlfriend is this? this bitch crazy!
shepard smith is nothing but a cock sucking liberal idiot
i will never forgive the rihanna navi for letting kib flop but that trash ass needed me and equally bad lotb are legitimate hits!!
this is why girls give ugly niggas a chance  so they don't feel bad for cheating
ya mans retarded
you have to admire for never shying away from how the ugly history of racism in this country impacts t
you know i m so damn sick of getting  000 calls about this
bad part about taking trips with ya homie is all he gotta say is lets slide out ya jump but ya bitch been waiting on a vacay about a year na
i hate bitches that wear heels but can't walk in em
i'm a bad bitch you can't kill me
and trump has fucked off to maralago!
soros money won't stop coming for idiots like this
ladies &amp; gentlemen star wars the force awakens bad lip reading featuring mark hamill as han solo via
i truly am disgusted this corrupt heartless bastard is the freaking president
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
i can't bear to watch the horrific images of syria on the news tonight  so fucking heartbreaking
hate bitches that be thirsty for friends that irritate me
seriously  i hate illiterate ass bitches
i hate fat bitches cause of this oneeeeee fat bitch she ruined it!!!!
haters  yg artists are bunch of elitist and arrogant fuckers who hate everyone dara
cmon take some points of those cunts we all hate  we hate we hate tottenham!
how's dat idiot clod doing? ha! *checks standings*  mudder fucker!!!
i hate the fact that she stay popping up on my tl   nobkody wanna see that ugly ass bkad bkuilt bkitch
the grab them by the pussy doctrine is going to prove disastrous  you can hear it in his nuke rhetoric  if we have them
i wish i could haunt fuckbois w/ my lesbian anger  too  vira is truly an icon
jackass just like his father!!!!!!!!!!
i need perrie and fucking harry to make a duet together their vocals will literally send me to a rollercoaster to hell and heaven !!!!
yea all these bad ass bey bey kids ride bikes over here
have the worst uti  whenever i go for a piss i hear johnny cash singing ring of fire
i have a really bad attitude when i'm pissed
don't forget this idiot is all for using nuclear weapons
drew buckz x x - fucking that work up out now !!!!!!
i really hate a desperate ass bitch like get it together!!!
baby fussy  i'm hungry  everyone else either out to breakfast or asleep  i swear i have grown to fucking hate the weekend
jesus fucking christ! why the michelin man pic
dont even wanna go to work cause of annoying ass april fools jokes they are gonna pull
like an ugly bitch picture and ima still be trippin
fuck morgan we paid $23 for ours!!!!
when u purposely pick a boring movie on netflix so u can fuck &gt;&gt;
idiots miss the debate a muslim lady
it's nakamura!!! fucking shinsuke is on smackdown!!!
shut the fuck up nasty bastard
if u bring up curry when talking about mvp then you're actually retarded
lmfao nigga told me get obamacare lmfao fuck no!!!
you foolish ass ugly ass stupid ass fat ass orange ass racist ass hypocrite ass
why is there always some ugly cunt spamming all the tweets
fucking can't wait too see tomorrow in newcastle! eeeeek
i hate when i forget to press send and i'm sitting there like an idiot waiting for a reply
got fucking bars !!
this dogs a fucking idiot  dumbass dog  rt  he doesnt bark he just yells
congrats george! go fucking give that guy a run for his money!
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
i cant believe i stan these idiots
bernie do us a favor and shut the fuck up!!!
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
toad-face  connect everything n anything wth trump  thats u n yr fucked up msm trending fashion  rock on !
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
fucking stupid bruh
(ig) skeet dragging cole away on lili's story
i hate when people sneeze and dont cover there fucking mouth like i dont want your nasty germs
convinced that macon is boring ass hell now
if you bitch about people being sick around your kid  then take your kid to walmart twice with rsv maybe you are the proble
the fact you have calbito as a underrated wrestler you're just incorrect and fucking disgusting
i'm on episode and clay still has that fucking cut on his forehead!!
everything is fucked and it's annoying asf
but you were annoying and stirring the pot this season
fucking on your bitch she a thot thot thot  *dab* i hate photoshop and i like stretch marks  *types intersectional critique*
fucking hell look at the headliners! what a load a shite! katy perry tho
i think i heard that woodpecker trying to get in my vent again  bruh there is a bird gate there  the nigga is legally insane
these niggas wanna be  street bad as hell  but when the pressure on they snitchin
you r an idiot if u think putin is afraid of  he controls him this was all cover your ass
dumbass gizmo gallery gun-shaped iphone case when gun violence in america is at an all-time peak - bad taste  bad marketi
the worst part was we were using macs so it felt like the damn things locked up every day
look at this fuck it up!!!
bro that's the fucking spot  nobody knows bout it!!!
sigint? so what    we have emails of hillary &amp; podesta getting cash from russians    u are an idiot seth
that isn't the fucking point!
islamic state says u s  'being run by an idiot' via
no  gone for the season with a horrible case of sand in his vagina
it's a cruel scene of a banana eating one of his family
cringe was fucking insane tonight and can't wait to see them again!
keep blowing points week in week out! fucking hell!
they've booked shows for efe even when he's still in the house and some idiot who's just model in payporte said he's tal
the her app is fuckin annoying tbh lmaoo
i hate a frontin ass person  stay from around me!!! perioddd
real fucking life
it was terrible accident for me to forget my cds of dio  judas preast  iron maden and ozzy osbourne today
u know i was mad that trump won but now i'm fucking heated!!! how dare y'all!! i fucking warned all u!! now look what h
rin! see all my cuts  all the blood? my fucking eye!? yukio did this to me!
lmfao!!!!!!! square the fuck up!!!!!
kinda hate that it snowed but aye i don't got work today so i'm fucking with it
the one with this idiot
fuck yea!!! looooch!!!
that's why u suck at mancala witcho stupid ass
this is fucking pathetic  i've never seen officials wanna decide a game so bad  unacceptable
fuck that!!!!
non-black poc are so fucking racist  this is so fucking disgusting
i do very bad things  and i do them well    which do you prefer  tits or ass?
kentucky coal mining museum converts to solar power maybe our idiot leaders in fla will figure it out
i'm convinced that people fw me for the hell of it     bad idea scrap
yang susah itu yang disini (dada;hati)  that ugly feeling can stay for who knows how damn long -melbourne
it takes a idiot to believe susan or obama had no part or didn't know about it or had no part in leaks  th
hate when one of my tweets has a typo and it makes me look like a dumbass
i hate pot lucks at work like i don't wanna bring any food for any of you people
damn fucking cringe !!!
do your fucking job!!!!!!!
everyone is being ugly in ow and i got a shitty loot box    it's time to start watching my show
you should want a bad bitch like this
i absolutely hate when grown ass adults act like children
i hate hemingway  i hate him and his words that suckerpunch me in the heart every damn time
had to stop watching because those idiots are annoying me get a job like the rest of us! why am
everything trump does liberals hate  if he wouldn't have ordered that strike liberals would've bitched because he  doesn't care
after tweet debate with someone  i'don't know if it's because they're an idiot or because their &amp; my tweets aren't in time sync  prob idiot?
carolina is going to the ship! fuck yeah!!!
bitches be having bad attitudes and not even bad
actually disgusting how minging i look in any photo thats not taken by me   catfish
this idiot can't wait for war or launch a nuke!us will act alone on north korea if china fails to help  trump says
this hurts so bad  im so pissed these wounds were just reopened! https//
i get hurt every fucking day  im an idiot
ain't nobody fucking with me and i put that on their mothers life !
dude is an idiot who seems literally afraid of mathematics
lust  greed and anger are the three gates to hell and suffering
stream the shit out of this song!!!!!!!!!
my life's so fucking boring i need someone to bring some excitement into it
if you oppose abortions answer is simple don't fucking have one!republican men should be requ
delusional dangerous idiot that he is!
i literally loathe every one of y'all that voted this idiot into office
i hate these nigga with everything in my being
fuck off!! where's hoops?!?
because the aba is a bunch of worthless shits determined to ruin the profession  and  nobody cares
it's so painful to have a vagina &amp; have doctors stick utensils up there  men will never understand that speculum stretc
my mother would have called the corrupt office   flipped that's damn store out and everything   this is disgusting !
ts looking a** fruit cake  if  you're not feeling what i said i don't give a fooooockk  i'm sick of y
fucking idiots      via /r/funny
tyler is a sick ass dude man like damn
hey wassup u bad energy spreading motherfucker
and then ur mom was a whore hahahahahi hate my mom hahahahh
hr   call your members of congress  this is nothing but evil  make the damn call  people
it's a cruel scene of a banana eating one of his family
i used to hate this   crack used to always be all out   had to fix my pants every mins   them damn drawstring pants man
fucking painful knowing they're out there and i'm watching the alternative
no  all women have brains but not all women have vaginas  the idiot who made this managed to be misogynistic and transpho
years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems  when whity is gone  who will the idiots blame!
somebody get they bad ass lil cousins
why does club penguin hate penis'
that's because he is so clueless! stop giving him credit for a fucking brain!
the idiot could've called it anything  decided to call cat a cat  what a
bad ass dogs i cared for during house sits in the tropics via
i wanna unfriend this ugly ass bitch so bad   but she my cousin
would u  climbs two places to rank th on melon pm chart!
this is fucking disgusting
you're seriously so fucking annoying  idk why tf i trusted you
heroin is the goddamn worst thing in the world &amp; it's insane people fuck with it  but this world is terrible so i sorta get
if your nigga is cheating on you and you check the bitch before you check yo nigga you a stupid bitch  she don't owe you no l
kejriwal knows that the results are not tampered  he is insinuating because he knows there are idiots around who would
fucking moron!! are u reallt t
ross barkley is a fucking dirty bastard!
&amp; your flying monkeys  you are the epitome of everything that is satanic and evil in this world  go fuck yourself
i'm tired of u feminist bitches bc this is just disgusting
no eraser sketch practice before facing boring ass law topics
yeah  what were those idiots thinking when they hired madden  gifford  aikman  collinsworth  etc etc etc
i have to chase a grown ass man over $40 that's jus crazy as hell!
you've got to be fucking kidding me! help saudi arabia bomb yemen into oblivion but complain about cadbury eggs
im a nasty ass freak when i like you
y'all broke y'all mad y'all miserable &amp; unhappy    &amp; bitch i can't sit on that bench w/ ya
i can't nap when i get home because i have to go to the dentist but my dentist smells like nasty ass coffee   y
do i take summer classes?  is an idiot   hates herself   looks like this operation is a go folks
i honestly fucking hate seeing the pictures of people out on the sea ice here is newfoundland
once u shoot shots at a nigga and miss you a cold gump! dolph the king the memphis
i hate when people get ass hurt for stupid stuff
justice for bud- cruel students lit up fire crackers in his mouth! plz sign
how did we let trump get elected im so fucking disgusted how is this reality
nigga trynna pull of the daisy duke look so bad smfh
my skin is breaking out sooooo fucking bad !!! idk why
a terrible fruit of electric beauty   with glasses of tiger and armour   a checkered shirt and sulfuric moustaches
everybody ain't gone like you but you ain't for everybody to like  so fuck em!!!
holy shit jscxmanny comes out tomorrow!!!! i'm gonna scream! am pst!
ya think that's bad? i pissed off both and on fb and they've ignored me!
what the hell does jesus know about catholicism?this would be truly shocking if i wasn't now beyond being shocked
/mr prez tell them idiots in congress to grow two pair of balls &amp;get that hc done  because they will be gone in elec
y'all hoes out here moving nasty  this world so dirty man!
the fact that no one gets a dm out of nowhere except when someone has bday except her is fucking tragic
hey woah since when has a dildo been a bad thing
ahahah no they were an idiot
thank you for your eloquence here  this is horrific  it's a profanation of blood and sweat and struggle  fuck
do it! screw the idiots who try to block him!
look at y'alls fucking disgusting govt
i know  so sick of his bullshit
spectrum is fucking ass  worst internet on the globe  smh shitty asf
is a lot of bad bitches to be in a mansion
bitches always claim fat bitches are disgusting but we getting fucked so how disgusting are we really
and idiots spend $8 99 for a bag of skittles
why go into that hell - let the countries there do the fighting- iran will try to take over and then the world will see real evil
abc news reports that syria moved personnel  equipment  and aircraft from the base before the strikes
damning review for the government slams 'erosion of trust' in cruel disability benefit tests
blacks africans people on a plate they bad negros on a plate tmz harvey is winne should not have kids scared of blacks
a fucking body!
but fr tho my weekends be boring as hell
bound   where the darkness fears to shine
i know it's so fucking sick before even i listen to it
you haven't done anything  but divided this country and make us look like idiots to the world
this idea!!!! please throw that bad ass elephant mural on
is the us waging a bloody trade war in latin america? by mariabelen_fdez
seeing all these people with their glo-ups and i'm just here with my ugly ass like
that'd fucking wack if it's a weekday thing !!!
whaaaaaat that was insane gurls   finilly watched my four bitches so blessed
she didn't but that was fucking cruel and inhuman
her you must be retarded if you think we fuckingme
[video] winner - melon release event
just asked a member if he could say bad ass in his presser
i hate looking stupid for giving someone a chance  like you did us both dirty  but you fucked yourself over
we  org utagha  never pronounce gula as gulaq  apa as apaq &amp; put q at the end of every word  stop  talking  like  idiots
why do people have to ruin pics by putting their ugly ass watermark
who is awake? click on that mother fucking like button!
why is avocado toast $ what the fuck i can make that at home!!!
ewww ii hate when ii see aa bitch ass nigga bluffing
(winner ain't letting that on melon go     srly how are they doing that i'm amazed)
niggas loveeeeeeee the ugly bitches
they don't deserve anything for those fucking handshakes though  disgusting behaviour
damn   but that wouldn't happen anyways  let that bitch jump stupid tomorrow?!
wait fcksknsjajjana still downloading it hell yeah im stupid i know fck
bitch bad she built like a testicle
bro  idc these type of asses are sick
talking about attacking a fellownato member  are you completely fucking retarded?
this evil bastards records sealed? look at this time peace handout of the harvard law review  bo
holy fuck hard boyz!!!!!!
talking bad about a girl after she curves u is a bitch trait
nobody betta not be fucking wit you !!
too bad skyrim has been played to death on youtube because me  and our friends keep laughing our asses off at it
fucked up!    you done fucked up! you done fucked up!
please fucking retweet!
lmfaooo   76ers  you're a fucking moron
you bitches not friends   y'all just hate alike
[wonwoo's voice] my squishy idiot sandwich
nah fr tho bad singing ass
pricks  a fuckin hate them and aberdeen!
yo i hate twitter we turn everything into a fucking joke
to hell with your religion  bloody rascals  if this is not terrorism  what is  this is what chaddi madness has given us  htt
my bitch bad
the opening dance sequence is so fucking sick? you guuuyyysssss
don't even align idiot trump with the italians  even though it's thru the mafioso  trump is not close to an italian
and you idiots are tweeting obama for help      the man who dropped  000 missiles &amp; bombs on iraq and syria every min
u nut in a prettygirl times nothing happens but soooooon as u slip &amp; nut in a ugly bitch booom u stuck wit an ugly a
i don't fucking know how! i don't even know how to cook joel  or what goes with what  i give up  imma
people will literally bitch about anything and everyone is offended by everything    fucking idiots
dear please help  we're stuck with a bunch of idiots &amp; fascists governing our country  we need urgent ass
jesus  the get out sequel looks fucking terrifying
anti-polish idiots belive holocaust was made by poles  no  location of was in poland  but this crime was mad
reply to this tweet if youre a fucking cunt!
horse face hoe stop playing before i show the world yo lil ugly ass
both yall the fucking devil shuttup!!!
trump university is a example of the lack of integrity the idiot in the whitehouse has  a sitting president has to settle a
both parents referred to my unshaven legs as disgusting yesterday  never shaving them again so fuckin suck it
marce is a damn idiot
so sick of seeing that damn drawstring bra on instagram
mankind is so damn stupid
pissed off &amp; mad why u trynna fool me???!??
i hate when a manly looking bitch say she want a nigga like shorty you is a nigga
idiots everywhere    everything what happens now is an insult to l's and my intelligence
i get so insanely upset when i think about what the government and people did to alan turing  the fuck
damn  you're way passed me but i'm totally fucking with it!
oh  nothing  i'm just giggling like an idiot at this
never let a bitch w bad eyebrows judge u
this sometimey ass weather is annoying
your pussy that horrible huh rt  think i been heartbroken since the s
watch sadma omggggg that movie had me fucked up!
i need me a lil baby who goin' listennn  because i fucking hate repeating myself
stop saying y'all  them bitch annoying  cus i rather a nigga fw w/o my face painted &amp; my nails not done tf
you stupid as hell boy he said he went to lsu
don't you hate when a bitch say you can't fight ? like come here bitch lemme see where yoo hands
fucking hell commentators are fucking shite!!!!!!!!!!!!
lust  greed and anger are the three gates to hell and suffering
a tweet from from idiot who has conveniently changed his tone now that he has his man-crush
got the national challenge and this shits insane wtffff
isis released a statement saying that trump was an idiot then we blame obama and side with russia on chemical attack in sy
today's mood sick of putting up with condescending bullshit from men
don't care if it's real or fake just know that ass fat
fuck it up k dot!!!
there is none like at all  frfr fucking idiots
ohh some tech junk  let's photograph that for a news article and claim it's a drone crash!  -some idiot
fuck that!!!!
fr  watermelon is fucking disgusting
i can't fucking believe it jeff and matt hardy hardy raw tag team champs!!!! hell yeah!!!!
kim burgess = bad ass
don't come at me sideways with a stupid ass question unless you tryna make me come for ya life
broads growing out their armpit n leg hair for what? that's disgusting bitch
when arnold calls me just to tell me i'm a stupid bitch
i've never been a hatin bitch  you bitches couldn't make me mad even if you prayed on it!
this how real fucking look
yeah! i wish all the idiots that promised to leave  would for once keep their w
i will watch this for hours if he just stands there while these idiots chant
i hate when grown ass men complain about paying their bills  stfu! please! get  3 4 jobs to make ends meet!
if im fucking w/ you  dont worry about who want me  im focused on you  period!
this idiot woman is the biggest looney in the whitehouse  someone tell
i feel like an ugly ass muhfucker and you're watching disney channel !1!
i've been doing some research and i think the problem is that people are actually stupid fucking idiots
the way these niggas hate i hope they get a check for it
i hate players dude yall can go to hell fohhhh
them people who mad and act like they don't know why you cut the ass off !
her suit was built by bird aliens  you fucking idiots men my ass
anyways  never thought my cousins fucked with me like they do!
great episode overall  you're an amazing orator and it's been an absolute pleasure having you cast and analyze our games
it's time for a smoking deal! bogo wraps for the first people that comment   and go!   drinking coffee
ln lego harry potter hogwarts castle board game retired htf nice!
couldn't put it any better  but we will get to the bottom of this
everything you've ever dreamed of will often show up in different packaging than you were envisioning  - brenden dilley
your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac    more for taurus
you need to do some research wales voted out with a heavy farmer vote!!
can't eress how happy i am to officially be working at the prison  can't wait to graduate from the academy in the summer
sir i am very big fan of rpsj &amp; unable to buy the match ticket which is held on th apr can u plz provide me only one ticket
first day off in weeks   gonna sit and play rs all day/night but i'm gonna workout and get a haircut first!
in the attention economy it's a zero sum game  so all of them want as much on-platform engagement as
and guess what  friends  you don't have to wait til new years  any month  any day  any hour you can be a new person  breathe  center
a simple mood change could turn your day upside down  pulling     more for cancer
allan clark  mentor  colleague  and eventually the guy who i hired to replace me when i left cotton ginny  has
crashing at my good buddy marty's house in devol ok    and look at his dogs!!! i can't even
fortunately fairfax have now pulled the offending article from and the websites
/ hawks have to calm down  this is not   this is not   and this is not even the situation in which was in august
new research shows that is more about the survival of the most cooperative
horrible teens are still doing racist promposals and this may be the worst one yet
shout out to and for covering my interview as well
she screams in pain  gripping the sides of the chair tightly in pain  once the process was over  her head slumped f
this week's word of the day challenge - can you beat your record? i got out of right! via
my sincere condolences for syrian esp girls who died due to the spread of sarin gas may allah place them at jannah
same here  if they don't bring em  i kinda liked the tag combos in ex3   maybe a variation of that would be sick but idk if this
photos of art that'll blow your mind!
i saw one the other day (if you see this i'm sorry) and i voted for you to shave your hair off  i also randomly vote winners of comp's???
i like dimon but his letter just standard buffett's r unique educational he set standards make u thin
mark your calendars  mike love is on your  help spread the word with a share
how are you enjoying the philippines so far ? pagmamahal from your filipino fans  (love from your filipino fans)
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
lions' top linebacker    proved a lot of recruiters wrong
great idea  put in charge - he can bring eerience from his time as   hey
but muh anchor babies is getting old  parents screwed up by attempting to game
tottenham have to be the jammiest team i've ever seen relegate swansea immediately lucky fuckers
i wonder if you know that sometimes he thinks we're safe here     well  that's just how it is  i suppose
wow! i just entered for a chance to win  5 gallon/20l portable water carrier bag colla     by sunderpower
but holds serve    now time to step it up for serving for set
the hindu swaraj india denied interim relief of common symbol for mcd polls
and he still won the title  to which i again ask  what was he supposed to do to improve upon that ?
declaration the contractor will change everything not looking good in your life
in this hypothetical - is it a republican or democratic government doing the gassing? asking for a friend
i liked a video cheap subwoofer find w/ e's st car audio sub   12 inch jensen 1212 subwoofers &amp;
all sailings are running within mins of schedule with space currently available
you're already breaking box office records  and this will cement it further  great looking advert x
drinking a beer for breakfast by trooper thorn's irish beef house
listen to the devotional about stealing from a rich god
like isn't it interesting how we are all like puzzle pieces and each person has some type of piece that makes up the rest of the picture
i snapped on my boo this morning and he said  it's too early for all that attitude did you eat yet?  and i was like
i would send a screenshot of all of them but idk if they're rly your style/all in art school/what age they are
sorry  youre gonna need to change the lan leagues name  oh_rhys said its not a real league
you're not necessarily the most vocal one in your group  but y    more for virgo
behavior analyst? registration filling up online stream and recordings available
still pimping putin puppet!how about russian &amp; syrian equipment &amp; personnel wa
can we eect pak to understand what china thinks and do which is beneficial to only them ?
please trump  take action  those sweet babies! heartbreaking!
for a graphic statement that is as timeless as it is eye-catching  consider the stripe for a graphic statement t
does he know his tweets contradict half of what he says? the other half is usually just bold face lies
to everyone that follows lauren i'm swear i'm not always as ugly as the pictures she's posts of me are
queen history ** one korea - one olympics - one yuna kim! ** *yuna kim - you are not
mct does great work too! they provide theatre workshops for kids all over the country  including my sch
yea    you were impressive though  i actually broke a sweat when one arrow zoomed past my skull instead of his
wondering how to grow on twitter? i gained follower in the past day  this is the app
sign the petition to senate democrats delay everything  absolutely everything
pikachu (91 1% /13/13  quick attack / discharge) until 1629 (23m s)
this shocked me so i clicked to know what could make such a beautiful model suicide then i found out she's a med st
love diving into new businesses to understand their value and help build effective marketing strategies around it  always fascinating
that's a wrap ! the conference was on fire this year! a great event indeed! see you next year in orlando  fl!
here's some handy on what paperwork may be needed from your during the process
i'm frm nh  let's unpack  ppl frm ma came up here illegally vote  how i'm not sure  risking prison time &amp; $10 000
dear sunshine no words can elain how thankful i am to have you in my life will you follow me? ilysm  9547
skeleton cities and snipers the shocking photographs that show the scale of syria's loss
issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a    more for aries
how to pull off friends with benefits the *right* wayhttps//
valverde to win the tour de france? incredible his form  winning sprints  uphill sprints  tt  climbs  gcs
oh that medicine  haha  have fun then  missed doing that kind of medicine already  haha
coach thibs reminds me of the guy at the sports bar who is entertaining but someone you never ever look in the eye
one of my players is trying to take your  elderly  crown! he's a year old human named diego!
makes every word count on her instagram post about the environment by
does anyone else think  given this opposition  spain would simply reject eu assistance &amp; beat him to death with nav
all tucked in n warm ready for my late night crash nap when i remember that i forgot to leave out dinner ingredient
if there's a hell there's a cell with your name on it  and i hope trump is your cellmate
tonight  we revisit jasmine  aladdin and ariel! make sure to pop some popcorn  grab some drinks and settle down
read before i fall and you'll rethink every bad thing you've done in your life
this time follow through  he pays everyone off to drop lawsuits  shameless and now r
boys will be boys the glory days and party nights of the dallas cowboys dynasty (unabridged) -
bro i got some shit for us tmm all the putis gonna be like can i get some plesseeeee papi eric
happy to skip school and spend my whole day at a dance competition  happy i made bank  had a good time  saw some good dances  and ate pasta
congrats!! on another note pls no more troops sent to syria  have a yo in boot camp-marine  woul
looking for the best birthday gift that will make you the new favorite?! the air fort has you covered!
there are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth  not going all the way  and not starting  -siddhrtha gautama
no one likes us and we should care by via
this is the beginning of the end  it was predicted years ago that there will be a very bloody war
and then i met chris young on a tuesday!!!!
guys that absolutely nail it (plus a woman and a dog)
dozens of people followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
u don't
looking forward to great things
do me a favor and read this article before u meet with xi  educate yourself and pls pls don't emba
that swim move is dirtyyyy then he hits you with the power stiff arm bah good
i honestly didn't even know it was a kygo song i just hear it on the radio a lot
idea )this is for someone that doesn't like the games and gimmicks of promposals  but you still wanna be punny  this one involves juice
i'm at pure order brewing - in santa barbara  ca
still tryin to figure out how to recover from realizing i meant nothing to someone who meant everything to me but made me feel irreplaceable
although you may swing into action early in the day with high     more for sagittarius
that's the hardest part  changing mindset after spending a lifetime st
if you lose a good woman and learn from your mistakes  luck will smile upon you again and you'll meet a better woman
the only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary - vidal sassoon
am old enough to rememwhen we didn't know what gov had planned militarily or other seem to
last four sports w/talented athletes to recognize on 'll do good work  we're proud you
wrestlemania cena proposes  gronk steals the show - ktrk-tv
if the right people don't join politics  then the wrong people will make the policies
tear gas back in as people protest in defense of democ  elected assembly
creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p    more for pisces
there are now events registered in countries on all continents! where will you celebrate?
joseph cohen  e d  of   opposes sb239   does not require shareholders/partners sign a form to use funds for political activities
trump order undoes workplace protections for women   as ivanka celebrates  equal pay day
it is lol  but as you feel your body get stronger &amp; you can do longer distances you crave more
i'm rlly over &amp; done w/putting in effort w/anyone who doesn't do the same for me so pls don't text my phone saying  u changed  when ukno why
have you sorted your office tea&amp; coffee machine yet? what about vending? we have great he
mens nfl on field cleveland sideline parka winter jacket xl nwt
while on firsts  we were also the first furry publisher / distributor to offer a digital comic/novel/book store too!
the boss (aka nugget) notes that we are currently looking for a few good peeps to join our lake raystown
see that's where the gah damn hell yeah comes into play  replace any noun/verb with hell
cve-2017-5887 websocket swift in starscream before allows an ssl pinning bypass because pinning occurs in
there is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every    more for leo
and we are starting our wednesday out checking in for a complete reverse shoulder replacement
walked into biochem and someone was sitting in the seat ive sat in every single day  all semester
hey mrsseals thanks for the follow!
austin happy birthday i don't know about you but i'm feeling
many congratulations! your writing is so engaging and inspiring  thoroughly deserved! the wild places is a favourite
our world seems to have been stuck in a perpetual feedback loop for years with no end in sigh
descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today  even i    more for gemini
great private eye  (!) gifts by arms companies to civil servant dept de&amp  planes that can't fly etc  time for change
i hope so his boastful tweets are purely vile
from april
ready to get up and be chillin' it with our down home boys this saturday night! we just want you  ! (
lavishly illustrated &amp; wide-ranging  this is an essential guide for every naturalist &amp; birder
i'm torn between to rights  every bone in my body is screaming be quiet and patient and if it's supposed to happen it will  listen to urself
wanna going back to makassar after this graduation  i really yearn for those people there  see u later guys
+ kindness  a gentle smile on her face as she followed him to sit by the statue of her grandmother   well      i have a number+
hi  nicole! a member from our team has followed up via dm  please check your messages for an update
i wrote that i was confused about the topic of an essay on a quiz and that i didn't know the answer   prof gave me % for being honest
everything makes it special  every steps all the way till people start loving my music b4 me  makes it all special    and u
medical costs due to obesity is $147 billion annually - that's more than smoking and alcohol-related diseases combined
if i find healthy food thats quick to make  tastes decent to me  and doesnt make me gag
ima get horror movie serial killer portraits all over my body so anthony gonna have deal w/ being scared but also turned on when we fuck
ladies and gentleman a warm hand for the standard lamps the damned good support for the mighty who at the hydro ton
the latest everything introvert!! thanks to
i wanna be offended  but i look at these two pics and i'm just like   that is completely fine
bhai jub se tum aaye ho rahi r    rona laga rakha    what can't you just work
ripley was supposed to die in the original 'alien' film and what is life anyway
fucking missiles though        i foresee both my protest attendance and alcohol consumption skyrocketing
my recent read was 'immortal life of henrietta lacks' great reminder that cells are part of a person  not isolated entities
i'm in the running to win a springfield pistol thanks to
us gdp revised to % the final of us gdp was eected to show an annualized growth rate
snow  sun  and everything else season is here
for sale or trade  make me an offer  they are s &amp; x110! parks geek just to show the price for one  so make me an
is our ally against a system rigged for wall street and big banks  groups support rule
wnw boykin [marlboro co  sc] dept of highways reports tstm wnd dmg at 55 pm edt -- tree downed on raodway on
you understand the importance of striking a balance between pe    more for pisces
hear selena gomez  charli xcx  and more cover your favorite backstreet boys songs
kicking off the &amp; college leadership series
congrats to my wonderful daughter  on committing to university of chicago! all that hard work
the reserves are at home in the cup semi final against afc hurst  0pm come along and support the boys!
ty   ! have a great day!
opening day is tomorrow and the yankees roster is set  there are some exciting names   but not a th starter
trying to keep an open mind during this snapchat workshop but getting like
moncada  i felt really good with my bat  with my swing  i hit the ball with authority throughout the whole field  my legs were loose
petey green tutoring program info session campus events  ccjs  part-time  volunteer
a guy went down but waited for me to go down the shuttle just so he could close the door  such a gentleman! god bless you!
i hate my rd grade selfi shaved half of my eyebrow off  cuz my dad kept a razor in the shower and i thought girls shaved their face too +
neither ra
now hiring lawncare general labor paris  tay $8 93this position requires manual labor in the abatement and
a solar thermal aerator prototype could improve aquaculture in developing countries
working on a few practice doodles of the style i'll be working in for my live drawing tomorrow! you guys can
proverbs 15the rich man's wealth is his strong city the destruction of the poor is their poverty
this question messed up my whoel entire mental flow today! i need more coffee before i leap properly off
someone like you  my life i don't find other man on the earth  heart of gold can you follow me  please?    391
last week traveled from katpadi to dadar  a/c waiting room at katpadi was very neat and clean  felt very good
anyone else get a ridiculous sense of fate when a tweet miraculously ends first time with remaining characters    or am i just a looney?!?
what is wrong with men to have this compulsive need to  well  actually  all over everything  istg  i'm s
regrann from bitches of karma - in order to get all the names and numbers on the post i had to
happy retirement grand chief     but the farewell first  another pacific great
when you've been up all night because linda blair from the ercist decided to enter your body
so im finally getting to be a player in dnd again soon what alignment should i go with? im thinking chaotic neutral
e-sir i'm still waiting your thoughts on the my drivers license waka today
although now y'all can agree with what i've been preaching cheese-itz &gt; cheese nips  coke &gt; pepsi
yea we -0 but there's still plus games to go so no need to jump the gun yet  lindor been killin tho
international summer school on deep learning17-21 july bilbao  spain early registration deadline april
dr  kate goodrich talks about 's long relationship with nqf
yeah most don't feel really tied to russia any more (esp baltics  georgia etc ) so i can't really see
nobody with half a brain believes you  that leaves your witless supporters  thank god some of them are waking up
kinda like the finalfantasy series    it just never appealed to me more than to try it and not get hooked
how to find balance between work  family life and training! do you need help? read more here
too soon? but you have to admit  never have the free parking  local restaurants and charming boutiques of the
having some issues on my end  trying to clear them up  sorry for the wait guys  hope to be online  soon
hey idiots  you need more trades workers
wow  someone actually hacked my twitter account  you'd think they would go after somebody popular though
the need to plan one's life is so important  investing in properties is the safest investment one can make
really ?!? this is what you're talking about tonight?
without delving into the muslim mind  india runs after muslim hearts in vain! what a wild goose chase!
- i've dated a couple dudes that were opposite asf than me  like none of the same interests    i don't think i want to do that again
baby is so beautiful  your voice the lyrics are all beautiful  i'm so proud  please follow me? loveyou 12
subject tests can strengthen an application if you do well e g  math ii &amp; foreign languages  they can also increase
for those of y'all who don't have me on snapchat   i ain't lying ya boi got skills
funny part is cules are convinced   ramos is rated for his defending because he score lots of goals
this should be a d a r e poster and be posted in all schools  if this doesn't keep you from drugs i don't know what will
on  it's spring break! singing some songs for you
scotland`s economic case for independence must be `politically bomb-proof`
vanguardngrnews biafra ex-gov  obi warns fg against use of force
i promised myself i would promote my work every day this mnth  i've been doing so slyly  with that said  here's a thread of what i do + work
seem to be getting stuck  want to `derive (show)` in a data type in but the type is polymorphic
oil jumps on growing support for opec deal extension -
5 things submission does not mean  is a piper entry from this new -day marriage devotional
iah - domestico to international flight - i forgot to say  both flights are with united
still number one in unaffordable
blokes in front of me thrown out for drinking beer at their seats  no signs as you enter the seating area
court denies injunction against ikata nuclear plant - reuters
how do you feel cause you're gonna see most of am confused squad in south shields? we will be there supporting you
jesus always acknowledges people who are looking for him
russell westbrook falls one rebound short of history  still dominates in okc win
excited to take your family on holiday this easter  whether the city  beach or bush  the best tailor made packages
v jealous  i've written a few scenes that involve firearms and want a real one for the gravitas  plastic ones just won't do!
five people wounded in shooting at northern california party  suspect arrested
we built it as we could see a site was cloaking  but struggled to work how and wanted to verify to a
getting ready to talk at on and actually looking forward to it!
shadows by sabrina carpenter  i don't mind your shadows cause they disappear in the light
emulating gop hero reagan  who addressed nancy as  mommie  (and in letters  reagan
harvard  a tibetan monastery  a hiking boot  a food bowl  a rug &amp; a french horn   the oral history of fake history
self confidence would take a massive nose dive  but today  i took a deep breath and didn't let it get to me  i've made it too far to let it-
as we're now committed if assad escalates we escalate  in the form of a couple dozen bombs dropped within fee
time to go back to monsant &amp; grab some of this  i only got to bring home d black sleeves &amp; some tissues  oh  stirre
please can i get brilliant recommendations for the next thing to watch on after &amp;
i just watched a video with a crowd of white ppl shouting nigga &amp; goin crazy to songs about black men killing each other &amp; it made me so sad
another debacle show bc of beckel; when challenged he changes topic or shows his ignorance by trying to argue with no facts
sit back  get comfortable and catch some much need z's  these scents will help promote relaxation
for real  this is an all star cast like th
we provide pre-packaged low calorie hot meals for you  be it at work or at home we were featured on
% eevee! (15 15 12) move1 quick attack move2 dig available until 5703pm (29m s)
you could work with such a passionate intent today that you in    more for pisces
you rock  ! so glad we could connect! i made a quick video for you just to say  hi !
of course  you want to be recognized for your contributions on    more for pisces
continental news mpa approves renishaw study into chronic drug delivery system in parkinson's patients
precious filly by cd diamond out of mk cats lil kitty  lte $43 820  by high brow cat
i mean i trust your tastes  not sure if i trust oatmeal it is the main component in the cookie of lies  oatmeal raisin
i just don't believe strict punishment is the way when we don't strictly punish ev
come and tell us what your perfect practice build would look like and you could win a kindle! stand con
st the rockstars  then the  trashtalk   later the finals  no one can beat the korean esport scene (al
dost_pagasa  public weather forecast issued at 00 am april   dost-pagasa weather forecaster sheilla rey
you order the exact same thing every time  and technically  starbucks wins bc they're getting your money
natgeotravel  head off the beaten path to these places that deserve more love (via twitt
thanks  it does have that feel about it too  it's silky smooth but looks purposeful
takes up with paul  on golf course
envelope clutch bag purse plum purple contrast gold trim party wedding event new
tracking strong and at times borderline severe storms  storm threat continues well past 00 damaging wind possible
ukraine nbu reserves rose to $16 7bn as of april after a $1 0bn imf tranche &amp; a eur bn budget support loan from the eu  (nbu) sound
trump is dragging us into another war and no one is talking about it by via
yupppp  they wanna see sambutan first  and they are doing the full version now  its a really good game kan
most damning findings from report on russian election interference the us intelligence community concluded t
this is the result of having a skilled defense attorney on your side
i liked a video from but only the mecha (atlantic rim)
wonderful lady working hard to save as many dogs as possible from the
boyfriend do you even know how old the people you rp with are?me w-well im and like    i think thats pretty old for rping so um
and people thought the dems were in a meltdown post-election  rs are a party at war w/itself while dems are united
yes i do believe this counts as research for my auditions coming up
dunni we've been friends for so long &amp; you never let me down i wouldnt trade you for the world ilysm
there's still time to get in shape before  how long does it really take? |
wondering how to grow on twitter? i gained followers in the past week  this is the app
god doesn t leave us like abandoned children
i wonder if he hates u s  enough to starve to death  let's put a watch on the poor fella to make sure he doesn't ge
art and healing methods  while easing the worry of family members  we use movement
timing affirmation the sun knows when to shine  the rose knows when to bloom  i know this is my time!
funny how none of the outstate senators ever run to leviticus to talk about stoning farmers or selling their kids into slavery
found a transponder snail!candid pics from the alubarna palace baths!
learning  as an adult woman  you have autism laura james    is a successful journalist and author  she's a wife
it's almost been months and i am so thankful to have you lover bug  i love you
will the companies you pitch for licensing consideration just end up ripping you off?
% of americans believe msm reports fake news   poll
contreras-ph-baez-schwarber-bryant-rizzo  if we're going to get back in this  that's a strong to do it
clearly too many to count  more than none is too many
elon musk is just one bad day and/or lab accident away from donning a green &amp; purple leotard a
tour of flanders quotes from the start line -
over our dead bodies  we will never protest against our saviour  saraki!! eel boko haram senator ndume now!!!
valene i caught my breath and looked up at her  nana rebecca is and i noticed she has taken some good falls on
when you have people who've never ridden with you marvel at your park job  man that's that good shit
friendships are blooming but without our supporters  this would not be possible  thank you to our march champions!
and yet the remaining can make such a large portion of our country? seems odd
masscasualty page received at 1035 on /30/17 via
nik here! today i have the honor of representing the wls patient community at the national academies of science
going on down  into the moist guts of the earth taking in and thinking  eating every day  mayward forunisilvertime
daring and pushy and a bit vampy but who isn't like that from time to time? go get him girl! - nasty girl -
it is important to get children to play outside and are such a great way to do that
and i thought i had a temper!
putin believes us attack on syria violates international law   spokesman   rt newshttps//
we hope you are doing everything you can to pass this legislation
calily life organic tea tree oil foot soak with natural dead sea minerals   oz    foot bath eliminates odors
land rover defender hard top tdci seker heritage edition only miles from new vatq for  14950
hong kong pacific passengers to feel the squeeze in push for profits -
don't let the deregulatory talk take your focus off quality control
congrats to everyone who participated in the an opportunity for these young players
excited to go full on forrest gump with some great people  i apologize in advance for how aggressive i might get
you did an amazing job! it is a wonderful poem and i for sure shared it on twitter  i love it! you
i'm low key kinda drunk in my car waiting for my friends! i'm not even at the event yet
two men arrested in drug bust  accused of trading drugs for food stamps -
nah he was super serial up to when rinoa decides to take a sorceress nap  then he mushy love sick guy
this would gauruntee that romo couldn't possibly be any worse than the analyst he'd replace
you aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your    more for virgo
finally learning about something interesting in biology- evolution  funny seeing students argue with the teacher  this is too controversial
doesn't jared have enough jobs already? hope he has some good assistants
i think they have a rivalry with almost every english team since they're welsh  but it was mad a few years ago
apr  th good morning with lovely narcissus at my neighbours on wednesday in kyoto city
you are a conservative  isn't  it's anti-democrat   and there's a difference
we are digitally taking african talent to the world sa_onlinetv
when someone does that i go  you can see me?  usually makes them back off or makes them want to talk
one day  i'm gonna sit with and and we're all going to drink wine together  yup  speaking it into existence
plastic  pressure-sensitive tape vs  paper  water activated tape by
sad day for the amat family as one of my favorite teachers   mentor  and happy to say friend
the addiction to the grotesque to our own version of mugwumps  ha
best supervillain quotes from comic book movies
bruno bernal &amp; ian greene take turns bottoming for jaxton wheeler at raging stallion -
when there's nothing left to say but thank you!
forgive the ones that betrayed you  even if it's a person that dragged your name &amp; reputation through the mud  choose forgiveness &amp; move on
$1-m scholarship announced in honour of late jlp senator - news     - jamaica observer
to be honest  the s jp catalogue probably outstrips the dc now  also  not digging it out of my loft!
thank you for sharing this horrific eye opening disaster  be safe  god bless you
the way every country is deporting nigeria i hope togo and benin republic will not do same soonest
i need a purple base colour would daemonette hide be the one i seek?
that feeling you get when you realized that bts will each have their girlfriend in the future fml fml fml fml
completely unsexy  i think it is in this case so important though given the exhibition and the building's history  idk lel a b+ is enough
should you get the guacamole on your burrito? a price analysis of your favorite foods
ahead really   pushed in pool on ship    twice pizza   spicy chicken burrito   left handed weight   shall i go on lol xx
wont send signal to screen  elgato software says  no device connected   tried every troubleshooting fix on the site  none work
possibility that one goal of this attack is to provoke russia into actually using their missile defense system to sniff out its capabilities
sad news for a hiker where i go regularly  makes me want to go down and help
what is your favourite motivational running song?
happy birthday  today  apr     annette o'toole  american actress was born
the has proven unworthy of   just like   the big data program needs to be
threatmeter na - cve-2017-0560 - an information disclosure vulnerability in the
as for me  i've listened to a lot of adele after breakups  so much so that i now always associate those songs with
you are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel    more for aquarius
my pregame face  i'm trying to look fierce and intimidating   is it working?
too many girls rush into relationships because of the fear of being single then start making compromises &amp; losing their identity dontdothat
people followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
but for the largest single profession in the uk  i've heard precious little from nurses standing up for the abusive cuts to
chaos gwaaaaa sonic hey chaos eat this gives chaos the chaos drink chaos gwaaaaa oh i actually needed that thanks sonic np
i want to buy less and that means better quality but how do you assess good quality clothing? let's take a look a
neste headquaters building espoo city is claims nesteoil/fortum ptoperty what creditors is give state prosecutors claims krp known
im making a gifset of the rebecca/r*bert scene and its literally making me lowkey sick  i cant put into words why but i hate him sm
her name says it all  another rabid brit hating irish nat  their pathetic hatred is all consuming
already did; both have the same result  and when opened with notepad  a huge chunk of text is gone
go get um hanity we want trump to clean up there needs to be a way to stop cia fbi intellig
have you read  people's history of the united states  since i recommended it? ignorance of past socia
you bitches drop out with ya friends then go to spreadin secrets  that's why i tell nobody my business
never be afraid to turn the page! next!
association of corporate counsel releases cybersecurity guidelines for law firms
the one with kelly hansen from foreigner where jimmy wheeze laughs f
tells an essential narrative and brings awareness to those suffering from suicidal thoughts
hi! it's a bit hard to prevent this when you create a droplet  but you can reach out to our support team for guidance!
jamie dimon on tactics  $10bn tech bills and  too big to fail  via
this japanese breathing technique will help you lose stomach fat fast!
i liked a video from wildcat has finaly lost it!! - mario kart funny moments
twitter sues the government to block the unmasking of an account critical of trump  by mike isaac via nyt
your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push    more for leo
a large jet-black wasp appears    i hear the hum of its halloween-orange wings
- once &amp; again by caroline e  zani
agreed! and bring in superman and j'onn! that's why crime syndicate would be great!
poor chicken little runs around the wh grounds yelling  the sky is falling  then runs off
just curious     why does anyone trust the trump family? what evidence is there to trust them?
wikipedia word of the day is elephantry  (military  historical) that branch of an army that uses elephants  to celebrate april fools' day
enter allegan giveaway for a chance to win a kitchen prize package!
land reform the windy road to land ownership for the people of ncunjane ends in joy yves vanderhaeghen
thanks for the chance to win!!! so much i need to buy on amazon and this would really help!!!!
how many in the enemy media are cia operative traitors?bring them in
patrik berglund matches career high in goals - patrik berglund (c) st louis blues
content marketing is your business' secret weapon by
huge tax windfall for indonesia making the rich pay their taxes at discount rateshttps// via
found a transponder snail!the stunning scientific navy unit at headquarters!
trying out one of the local brews  mountain toad brewing
use it  by him i mean him and scooter lfndkdnd  i just miss all the old stuff like this
i need this pic in hd so i can look at it in times of darkness  ryu is the secret best character in gk
had some fun animating a wireframe/blueprint that we just started this week
ohh okay it all makes sense lol that's cool i just thought it was easier to erase or something lol idk  thank you
ive uninentionally hit some ppl rly hard on the concert just to get closer with them and i regret it rly felt sorry
where traditional and modern martial arts collide&lt;enclosure url=   length= 70071840  type= audio/mpeg  /&gt;
needs to use that big body and back em down he's playing too soft with the ball
cost controlled solution at center (profar?) and sp slot and they could do it  it'll be tough though
thank you for saving me from some of my darkest times i wouldn't be here without you  i love you with
pectic enzymes in ripening peaches infected with monilinia fructicola
tax reform over the summer months? what does that look like for us? forbes has more
he was an orphan cub; she raised him as her baby  yrs later she returned to meet him  wud he remember her? watch
autistic people stand together united around the world on !
helped lead to this situation  i think obama would even agree with this  i don't think they took the russia threat seriously
you're looking for entertainment of a different sort; your min    more for sagittarius
well done to the children who have won the ks2 lunchtime behaviour awards this week!
if u are communicating sexually in any type of manner w a guy that has a girl &amp; u go around bragging like it's cute u need to revaluate
painting disabled people as  workshy  that s what benefits cuts are all about | frances ryan
now it looks like putin also helped trump win the republican primary
my mom was already engaged to my dad at and i'm just here tryna plan out how smashed i'm going to get
high-profile n  korean defector kim jong-un willing to strike u s  with nuclear-tipped icbm
the voice of my ancestors will always speak to me and thru me   those that don't remember the mistakes of the past are doomed to repeat them
- figure skating hanyu still hasn't found what he's looking for
he converted a barn so he made the pool himself  trouble is  even frenchmen wouldn't want to buy his p
acaboooooooooooooouuuu
run an update account on them while talking shit about them on their personal accounts  they're walmart  darleny was chanel
has accused of masterminding (with putin) 's wmd attack! is delusional &amp; dangerous!
hello rbi my two pic of rupes are wash in the rain the ink was almost wash know what i do plz help me
bulbasaur
move set tackle/seed bomb available until 4809 (11m s)
a brief crash course of how the democratic party came to be as we know it -- because context is immensely important
whats even more alarming is how congress stood by passive while obama did his dirty deeds to america  it's outrageo
what does she have to do louise!!!! the amount of her songs i know all the words to is verging on pathetic
sometimes i like to stare at pics of baekhyun and cry over how pretty and cute he is
i believe it is his quiz though
in case you didn't know the government grinds up and puts aborted fetus dust in pepsi
hi  we'd love to help you in any way we can  check this link to unlock your microsoft account
mexican beer boom sends shares of constellation brands soaring via
'never tell your problems to anyone  % don't care and % are glad you have them  '
pmo written to mca secy take action on pacl on 5 but mca roc jaipur sleeping till time so se
realdonaldtrump the failing nytimes finally gets it -  in places where no insurance company offers plans  there will be no way for obamaca
i liked a video come and see me - partynextdoor ft  drake / eunho kim choreography
hahahaha omg i know who this is about i nearly choked when she told me that before fucking gas
boys  200 relay     assumption (grubbs  guise  brandt  rolfstad) 38 32;   dubuque hempstead  01 11;   rochelle  30 61
thanks for connecting! keep the yukon wild - win an adventure trip on the river

residents of black  latino communities spending almost half their incomes on rent via
hello 's followers - thank you so much for following! wishing you all a happy saturday! via
or continue to your dream that her sceptre gives you power over this realm  you're fucking crazy though
sure am  i'm afraid i don't quite share the undying love you and have for it  but it's kinda neat
married at first sight australia  susan says sean isn t the man people think he is via
sn the latter definitely bothers me more  i hate vulgar/super elicit songs
pick an plan you're prepared to commit to for at least a month  and stick to it  you will make progress w
my father warned me not to get involved in cyber crime    yahoo boy  (photos)
it has been brought to my attention that coffee plays a significant role in my life but there are worse addictions i promise
yes   very true   its all about second chance
that all being said i do think they have the potential to be the next great big group in kpop  i don't think it's a reach to say that
i long for the the end of fearful  protectionists  xenophobes  nationalists and dispassio
advisory application developer -  net full stack cibc (toronto)  the cibc technology team is
respect other people's feelings  it might mean nothing to you  but it could mean everything to them
check out tivoli round cubic zirconia rope band ring size via
we asked  and you responded with a wonderful selection of names  given his beautiful colouring  it had to be   rust
hahaha i meant martin atkinson  well rowan can fuck off too  he's english and looks like arsene
nothing in this world can take the place of persistence  talent will not; nothing is more common than
nope  real beef and everything  it's fast food in that you get your food fast (and cheap)
a spectacular list of the world's best honeymoon destinations
heading to birmingham tomorrow for the weekend with my little monster plus off to on saturday love a family trip away
still can't believe rain is in the country omg  watched is performance n his smile made my night   and omfg the ones who brought him here -
players who earn less than manchester united's jesse     via
check out the first featured pairing on the tee for the final round of the  &amp;
commuters!! i feel your pain but it's not the bus drivers fault  - come out of hiding
stage take over improv team this thurs $5 -9
south africa's president fired his respected finance minister   and now the rand is tumbling
ec kept its eu sunflower crop forecast at 78 mmt  up % from 02 mmt in
bruh  this huge worm was casually stranded on the pavement  dashed it into some dirt though
i remember once i wrote story ideas on my hand and someone asked what they were  and i was like umm *pulls sleeve to cover hand*

new music video out today w/ yours truly!! beautifully shot video throughout the
photograph by our student aarjav jainthis image was done as part of a mock commercial assignment for second of a
if your miserable it's because you choose to be there's always a way you can change it  just have to learn to have faith in yourself
visual  i wanted to know if you finished project horizons yet  i may have some cover art that you can use  if you don't mind
thanks for showing some class  i don't understand jealousy over a concert from an alum  everyone's invited too
and yet he supports a man who is utterly w/out scruples or morals  these people are deplorable
club football is back with a huge lineup of games on supersport  get the fixtures here
check out some on now! i'm entering to a star
and i wonder why people think i'm a student when i'm so clearly faculty
nd any way you cut the cake  hitting assad is assisting isis and the islamic caliphate whom he h
so the whole excuse that  a party was happening  i've watched movies multiple times while a party was happening  not hard
children's programme is being run by donegal hub in letterkenny for any interested parents from th april
fellas  gentlemen  guys and all who identify as such    be deliberate in pursuit of the date!
now they're gone but i still think they're gonna come back feast over this entire house wallah i'm in actual tears i hate my family so much
wasn't flynn bellowing like a bull to  lock her up  and now he's whining like a little bitch  please don't lock me up!
every single  friend  i ever had already had their person they talk to everyday they had their best friend already and i was always left out
trump completes repeal of online privacy protections from obama era  by steve lohr via nyt
new story on  mississippi state  south carolina set to square off in women's ncaa championship
hoytottenham- watford west ham- swansea city west bromwich- southampton manchester city- hull city stoke city- chelsea boro- burnley
i went from failing almost all my classes my st semester because of how depressed i got to being on the dean's list
really hoping as raw gm is just a practice for him running for president
reading my timehop some days just reminds me how much i would love to go back in time for even just one day
man this album is so good and so important! thank you sir
t6 | let's recap mcconnell's trip around the bases   wild pitch   balk   wild pitch nu leads towson  -1
i have the urge to write this but also the urge to claw at my face because i won't be able to
bitch i don't give a fuck about you go see him   but who is he coming home to ? bitch you're dumb
i don't see why people get so mad over parents providing for their kids no matter how old they are
trump to unveil $1 trillion infrastructure plan in  official
my newly single friend has gotten absolutely smashed (cant blame him tbf) therefore tonight is a watching over job
[ new episode ] 's david larcker discusses the results of a recent study on board evaluations
i got the bundle! on my computer w/ my bf sleepin' next to me  kicked him out he was moving too much!
i liked a video g herbo &amp; dave east's xxl freshmen cypher- reaction
&amp; doll head by milone20017 -
check out by
i've thought about going to the workshops!
training coordinator job vacancy at lonadek lonadek
you can watch a new episode of 'rick and morty' like  right now
pa core standards aim to help students comprehend new concepts &amp; teachers face questions
okay jaada is also yein when all of us were at at pizza place i fucksng was choking on my food and couldn't breathe
ai researchers are training systems to master complex fantasy worlds in the name of science
it's so sad that all the gop thinks about is themselves and how the can capitalize off the backs of the poor
tell democrats hold the line against republican government shutdown threats | cc
how to host the perfect at-home by
chester police tweet about three times a week about how they're speed gunning lache lane  must really care about safety ( )
jim nantz  merchant of memories  on mission to cure alzheimer's
pep's lions english who would be perfectly suited to pep guardiola's system -
social activities may be on the calendar today  but you aren't    more for virgo
-&gt; note that government is in the middle of all the models employed by the countries who do better than the us
his name is bruce lee we teased him yrs in field responded the worst call a domestic violence &amp; he was shot fatal a hero
the data science track of the master sid welcomes international students! courses taught in english spread the word!
he always tell me get on my grown women shit and say fuck them other bitches and now it stuck with me idc about the next bitch
asks  why does don't followback asian fans like ? it's so sad
asks  why does don't followback asian fans like ? it's so sad
can somebody on this fucking planet tell me where i can listen to the new   category is  runway song
our city recognizes     &amp; others for the value volunteers provide to make our city a better
don't feel bad the other day i was stuck at target for a hour cause i locked my keys in the car still in the ignition
there's actually a good reason today is national beer day
floor scores for the bucks!melton 50!!! dastrup 50 martin 00 bonanno 50 delbridge 00
i've listened to parents lament over children they lost due to a lack of basic medicines  food  and shelter
carter page -- a former trump adviser met with a russian spy
when telling someone you work in a analytical and physical chemistry lab people are shocked
they have smart ass agressive guards  this what they do  they really get in sink with the big gets
i ain't never asked for shit everything i have came from the risks ai had to take or hard work   save that fuckery you call a struggle
mere fact you made that shows how close we are to uncovering critical mass of collusion from trump camp  these two?
amusing to watch the about incompetence while being so unaware at how incompetent they themselves are
pictures are everywhere  it became the norm around there  just like waking up to a rainy day  she might have even given the orders
analysts eect aegean marine petroleum network inc  (anw) to post $0 36 eps
get your predictions in for today    ko at pm! login/register
oh woaw fansites from other groups have been hiding quality pictures that they took of got7 members until now
to sir  with love by e r  braithwaite paperback book (english)
talks football and also baseball; crazy schedule bb-austin  fb-norman  bb-austin
creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today  bu    more for virgo
&lt;the cheating saga my wife's friend   aisha part - fuck me with that big cock  i want it insde me
trump just took his vacation in weeks at his us golf courses ! the cost to the tax payers is $44 million dollars so far! ridiculous !
oh  nicole! with your twirliness and flattering a-line silhouette  one of my favorites for
former national security adviser michael flynn  has a story to tell
with alex kopco at target center during my last birthday-time visit to minneapolis
you amnesty perkins and admit it was a wrong move  had one more year on rookie deal  but had rfa right
i'm leaving twitter     but if either of you manage to tweet me a bday shout out   it'll b nice    goodbye
what is the meaning of this?!?! look who had a sudden color scheme change
well comparing to my country's politics pfft the condition sucks istg too much two faces &amp; media plays to the point idk who's honest/not
sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i    more for pisces
yr old british boy of african descent is the country's youngest ever orchestra conductor
i'm basically going on a tourist trip ahahahah this is golden thank you based academia you're shit but sometimes you're not so shit
self closeting is a very very different thing from being contractually closeted
cheaper microsoft mixed reality headsets are on the way microsoft s brand of mixed reality is coming to cheap pc
democratic women senators are on the floor to talk about why is wrong for americans  watch us live
w-139 final fantasy lightning cosplay wig pink rose /16in heat resistant
gu  means darkness and  ru  means light  so gu-ru is basically the transformation from dark to light
how does one even quantify what 'good looking' is? it's subjective  not to mention a totally worthless point of view and/or discussion
im gonna do it  im gonna binge watch the one piece anime  why  why have i decided to do this  i have deadlines
his eectations backfires crucial times   finger crossed though    will be special &amp; do wonders
so jesus got totured and died for you and yall still handing over your problems to him to fix? jesus like  i
six appeal diamond atelier s incredible bmw r100r  da  the latest release from the
are there any nerdfighters who want to be represented in the road to nerdfi
until you put the needs of the people before the greed of the corporations you will fail  as before  so again  failure
ok so this american gal is nuts  but i can appreciate the literal game of chess going on here
solace and relief in it somehow and also it's the first time he and mino sorta give each other a chance
meet the cast of raven's home  disney channel's that's so raven spinoff
the syrian army finna pull up in the united states like
inner city pastoralministry lunch once again i ask for the generosity and support of the congregation of mill
the majority are fully aware what pj thinks of leeds united  let's get behind th
friends they have been streaming the season premiere of and you had better eerience it
appaz using reflections is a gr8 way to check out girls altho they usually get creeped out wen i put the old antique mirror in front of them
always a hell of a risk to start a questions with  miranda devine has written a column
climate change could increase severe turbulence by percent  study says - cnbc
i'm riding the motions out   but your words hurt more than when you broke my heart  i hope you're happy now
you'd be paying secret service at the white house too  just a heads up  they get paid to work
of course i don't believe that  iran now has some restrictions on nuclear program  without it they have none
happy for u meng love u both
we are absolutely treated as if we are women  our bodies are absolutely treated as public property
graduated college  in shape  full head of hair and i have my own apartment downtown san francisco  life is good  happy birthday me
beauty  like surprises do come in small packages  take time out - a few moments each day to observe the beautiful finer things in life  ma
cool draw images - few nice draw images i foundrawing image by antoniowill87 my
freedom caucus is tea party with new name or farther right agenda?
this fool is sick on and that's saying something for this show where pyschos are the norm &amp; not the exception
pebble preps for the end of its smartwatch services
thanks god sc executive branch nahi hai warna all their decision would have flopped by shrewd people
lines area these is one big garbage graveyard  no prpr water distribution  choked &amp; boiling gutters  no playground
bill  if you make any crime lawful  sure crime will go down
didn't bought the subaru legacy b4 twin turbo when it was offered for mil  now its worth million  i'm such an idiot
[video] ufc  anthony johnson () media day interview | mma mad
although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy  somet    more for gemini
running is excellent exercise and a great hobby! where is your favorite local place to get a run in?
can i ask you to consider transfer buying/spending with me?transfer buying is simply changing where you
unbalanced! biased! where are the accusations that you're pro-green?
me panicking over due dates and then panicking over lack of time and then panicking because i'm panicking
intel compute stick cs125 computer with intel atom x5 processor and wi
we have an awesome team to work with to get exhibits up  nama ko   didn't
raptors losing last night is so disappointing  especially considering both boston and washington lost  if we don't win it'll be real bad
made you should remind about that as well!!!!
soldiershad given their lives to save humanity!
fraud former nigerian naval chief ordered to forfeits n 18 trillion loot to federal government
lovely leaf textures and rusty red colours on sharon's wheel thrown bowl
can't wait to release this chelsea boot in summer   designed in las vegas
heart failure nurses at wx recording term for left ventricular systolic dysfunction for follow up
pleased to say we will be playing this year on a stage amongst many friends and great bands  its gonn
let s meet in pittsburgh on april - in preparation for disrupt new york and our upcoming tc sessions series
of the prettiest sentences from ya literature -
tension grips jammu university after abvp activists halt sports event over insult to national anthem
columbia mo usa - - description preschool teaching staff needed teachers and te
why is my year old sister calling me &amp; why do i have a contact for her
don't forget to come and speak to us about membership and upgrading at cipd north east spring conference
saved - remember that your actions reflect not only what you do  but what you believe
i think i'm witnessing kwashe about to get catfished    let's wait and see what happens
global recession with the collapse of government revenues after the fall in the oil price  corruption needs to be checked     mr
bitches on this app so confused they dont know its possible to like more than one thing
today's reminder    rip    (watch your back  hillary    indictment soon  )
this registration form says  5k chipped time race - $30  sleep in for the cure - $35  who doesn't want to run a k??
if i were a self-appointed pastor with no oversight or accountability  i'd want my people to believe protest was wr
making games more diverse means listening to both sides of the tablehttps//
raheel sharif's appointment to saudi-led military alliance a state decision  says dg ispr
kimora blac has some scary ass tattoo
troy ave really went on breakfast club an said he finna start being a snitch smh the world we live in naw
what happened was  the wh asked aipac to lobby congress for no fly zone  then the wh backed out &amp; left aipac holding the bag
but you ask a guy yo go hiking with you just so you can have him carry your bags and pay all the eenses
new dunce track coming later today probably   vibey dance rip slurms mckenzie
-04-05 0947 780995 here's to the crazy ones  the misfits  the rebels  the troublemakers  round peg
weather people  it'll be tomorrow  tomorrow  oh  we meant tomorrow!  the next day  jk  we meant tomorrow!  the next  next day  etc
sur  live - run to the water smells like 's spirit
the whole big deal about lance's lay up just shoes you how soft nba players are who cares this much about shit like that
a lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now  m    more for leo
id feel better if it was  000 instead of   but  good work regardless
i reallt cant get over these like how does she exist????? shes not even human fucking ethereal queen
two bottles enter  only one can come out a winner  will it be or ?
than others  when the victim finally punches the playground bully on nose  though wrong  somehow we sympathise
russian troops are housed with syrian forces  you really want to go down that path?
reaction to me telling her i sang and played her song for an audition to study music therapy and got a
creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p    more for pisces
chief corp affairs officer  manuel kohnstamm  on how the telecoms industry can thrive under light-touch regulation
found a transponder snail!a whale of an encounter!  we'll meet here again!
i'm in the running to win a primary arms upgrade kit thanks to
easy press release writerhttps// why pay someone to write you a perfectly formatted press release when you cando it
swear nothing good comes out of a doctors mouth  even the good things sound bad  like no wonder people hate going to you
i'm going to ales tonight for the sole purpose of finding money on the ground that drunk ppl dropped  thats what you call  college broke
the biafra post biafra now that the elders  women  men and youths of biafra are standing with nanmdi kanu  who
there was so much hate from my roomies then   i make up  they complain  i dont cook or i go out  they gossip   was hard mehn
a beautiful feeling  when someone tells you  i wish i knew you earlier    - (via nizariat)
you want to get a good price when you your home &amp; the first way to ensure you do is enlisting my team to help
front page! decadez - hoochie coochie aka is back with his new single for the function
just watched on netflix  well worth the wait  performance w/meet and greet in lv awesome
no one said you can t  but many women not in cities in muslim countries can t do that  it s
classic ivy league jokevisitor in harvard square  excuse me  where's the library at?  harvard student  s
cheers to ! thanks for hosting our team! special thanks to two brothers director of sales  kevin pe
not only does this atrium provide more privacy than a backyard  the natural light and outdoor views is amazing!
wow! i just entered for a chance to win  single serve brewing k cup coffeemaker  by aicok
of our team members just sent u an invite on linkedin  we'd really appreciate ur help empowering
in form   tipster faldo +642 22 has added a /1 tip for the masters places available with &gt;&gt;&gt;
needs no progress  i will lie by salvia palth- its like porn for ur ears   its beautiful and his hurt voice is just enough to make u nut
im just trying to help cause i know how it is   she would sigh and hug him back  shaking her head
welp bringing the truck back in see what's up maybe they can fix the damn gas tank so much time wasted and the
trust - no vulgar scenes in even kids &amp; women's enjoying - clearly family oriented film
cheers to ! wouldn't exist w/o oregon ! read about oregon hop industry
noiiiice! i will get healthy and going there too - day more to go in finland! nah  i don't like
is it true that arvind kejriwal has paid from state exchequer sei ram jethmalani for his personal de
hmm  i would prefer a side by side preference test
for this i bless you most you give much and know not that you give at all  - khalil gibran
something i've learnt- no matter how loyal of a person you are  someone will always try to be a snake to you
resmi jadi ayah  donny michael  welcome to the jungle my lovely son
creative reuse project make a wall planter!   center for ecotechnology | |
g of protein  vitamins &amp; minerals - grab  go
huh     exclusively dropped the new trailer? but it dropped online earlier today! that's not an exclusive
you know those people who you barely know and they sit next to you and suddenly start unloading their life story on youi just met one
twitter sues us government over order to unmask anti-trump account via
let's talk for a minute about how carolina shouldn't even be playing in this tournament right now due to a decades long academic scandal
i woke up to see alot of people showing evidence they have voted tboss over x since last night and they want to
very happy to have a review of 's excellent  another day in the death of america  in spring
sheriff mark dannels advises dispatchers how much he appreciates them  go team!
yes  courts are still not serving the public  they are making rulings not in favour of wanjiku
ways snyder's education budget differs from house  senate plans
awesome she is really horny!!
the u k  s cpi inflation rate rose to % in february  reaching the highest level since   the ons noted
artist rem   oooh mmmf~ i hope you don't blow away from a hard pounding cutie
a baby giraffe is called a calf  a giraffe calf  we could save some time by using the term  gir-calf   you're welcome
i don't know republicans are fiscally conservative not exactly stupid they know to comple
i googled 'jimmy from 'scary godmother'' and now everytime i open safari i see this
okay i'm in nursing school  what's really good? spare change?
in that the weird space tower that didn't even exist in gu
jocasta knock-knock!amanda who's there? jocasta werewolf  amanda werewolf who? jocasta lovable werewolf!
east akyem teachers join citi fm s [photos] |more here
do you know kids or have kids that are using technology to collect performance information for their own teams?
started on /01/2015 reached its destination ers and was mins late
wind mph n  barometer hpa  falling slowly  temperature  c  rain today mm  humidity %
ya know like a loud siren and alarms and a voice like sri saying tornado alert tornado ale
thu th apr 00 the in is currently partly cloudy and c | max c min c -
traditional marketing methods have been used to enhance digital presence and vice versa  what say ?
nowhere to hide turbulent&ampangerous years in central iraq as captured by local nurse nori sharif opens april
nominations have officially opened for the alumni awards  nominate a deserving alum today
amazon catches nfl games for a cool $50 million (the 59  ep  ) - cnet
welcome to our new head of buy in/ buy out for our investment consulting business  harry harper!
costa has his  hazard should be next and now  and who knows  azpi  luiz nd kante would follow
how convenient that national beer day falls on a friday  a sure sign this is going to be a great weekend!
if you've got a yr fix  fine  but in the uk almost no one has a fix longer than yrs  yr fixes very common
i so hope to god my future wife doesn't watch wrestling coz i couldn't stage this to save my goddamn life
rd bonus level take full vitamin supplementation ++ and exercise while over hydrating the day of
it won't be long till we hear a commercial saying please keep it private not for sale to persons who don't have a home
dear president bannon in the world of   nepotism trumps    by via
he also fell out with jonas hanekom ngaoko  next in line is aaron blade cronin  the chief induna is revolting
passenger jet approaching heathrow in drone 'near-miss'
this just really sucks man  it's like you lose the loved ones that you never would eect to lose
yes michael cole    what about last year's with ambrose v lesnar??? tell us about it
i added a video to a playlist joe foster - mona lisa (amptelike musiek video)
but it's okay to lose brothers  fathers  boyfriends and uncles? there for it's not equal if it's okay
this is v worrying  since when is trade/economy more important than human
basically h3h3 is eing wsj for making fake screenshots from youtube
the most important thing in communication
that's bad  alan! thos
another one is grain store on victoria street  about  14 for course but one of best lunches i've had
a quick introduction to international seo and the main considerations via
and woke people here on twitter have all said problematic things in the past more than they like to admit
creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today  bu    more for virgo
[link in bio]  i don't need that shii
cyndaquil iv84 4%(14/9/15) move set tackle/swift available until 2408 (24m s)
i met in nola last summer! he's been one of my favorites sinc
i met in nola last summer! he's been one of my favorites sinc
congrats to all cops of who carried out this op  faith in the law will b restored
okay but seriously though if you can't donate try talking to some of your relatives because normally someone always wants to help
i just backed goodnewspaper - a printed newspaper full of good news on
get rid of  corporations shouldn't be picking
new  vp ib technology risk  barclays [united states]
do you need to get motivated? bruce springsteen's autobiography is soooo good  there's a motivated  upbeat guy  still rockin' out  and hot
a novel de novo frameshift deletion in ehmt1 in a patient with kleefstra syndrome results in decreased h3k9 dimethylation
reminderwe're campaigning in the city centre with this morning  meet at corner of stockwell /howar
thanks man  i can always count on you  won't take long to embarr
super junior vs  tvxq k-pop madness   best boy band [final round]
plunging price of renewable energy makes end of fossil fuels inevitable  says report -
how much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it -marcus aurelius maymay shinesonshowtime
hello 's followers - thank you so much for following! wishing you all a happy friday! &gt;want this
omg haha rt welp  here you go drake - more life album/playlist review | dehh
rehearsing tonight for our show on saturday   what a great night for the band and long time fans!
sometimes i wanna treat people how they treat me  but then i remember that an eye for an eye makes the world go blind  so i try to be better
manchester united board in disagreement with jose mourinho over luke shawhttps//
still a squeaker rockyaura
congratulations on making the shortlist and as a fellow pa i'm very proud of you  good luck!
more snow could be on the way! be careful on your commute tomorrow in the west michigan/grand rapids area!
yikes some ppl only cares about good looking people! he slut shamed a girl for something he knew it never happened
top us coal boss robert murray 'can't bring mining jobs back'
the righteous are bold as lions; not afraid to mess up and start over again  what will you do that is bold today?
the favorite game of is taking ostensibly straight pulp covers &amp; reading the short-haired character as butch
so fantastic   fiercest fans
im taking a break from fishboy and reading on the main story for i-chu and holy shit leon just punched a fucking bear
[electronic] moonzz x restless modern - navigator | the music ninjahttps//
lol you mad the sixers might get really good  embiid's great  we'll see with ben
judge declares that kesha should've known dr  luke was going to rape and abuse her  rejects her lawsuit
go away! you lost! we resisted you! jeez what does it take to get this woman to go???
abhinandan of central as wel state government for making air travel with in the reach of common man now it's not a monopoly of rich
won't be doing business with your company since you support a sex predator
congratulations to our bubu girl kira for getting the rookie female wrestler of the year award
tolentino kay javier do you think being environmentalists is just limited to things we recycle?
independent country artists elore such topics as the pitfalls of fundamentalism and teenage gender norms
ottawa senators vs  boston bruins   /6/2017 free pick &amp; nhl betting prediction
the invasion of the tearling by erika johansen  how do i make my novel and my heroine stand out?  must have been
when we try and fix life we are resisting life  which judges and divides  acknowledging wholeness uplifts
aren't worth listening to  stood up for those that could not defend themselves
ah~ i see  they welcome the wall with open arms  little sheep  you're quite the crafty one~
george takei  who has a history of elaborate april fools  pranks  is not running for congress
happy birthday i hope you have a great day
update driving back from the panic! concert and there was a guy stumbling around in the middle of the interstate
jst say! i'll nvr ever support karachi jst bcuz of u! zalmus are great!
urgent attention!  display=28  refugium=28  led=26  leak sensorry   sump height=low!   skimmer cupkay   rand
hey there friends  i am wrapping up a project here in the next couple weeks and booking new projects  grateful for any leads
for being top influencers in my community this week
lol !! yeah  she is a total thatcherite moron    good post !( and she was very nearly pm !) close shave !
tyler- making her court accountable for not knowing the score! she held everyone to the
sam bee s  not the white house correspondents  dinner  will toast the free press while we ha
most wished  samsung galaxy j5 gb uk sim-free smartphone - black(single sim)
air routes  -78 seater aircrafts &amp; a fare cap of rs 2500 per hr - atleast an airlines' scheme should take off
is in incredible shape for june  much less april  fairways perfect  nice firm greens  thanks again
rick wiles obama is  hiding from arrest  in french polynesia for stealing elections and surveilling trump |
most definitely  no fan of his  in his defense though  he is trying to bring intensity and professionalism back into his game
bbc news - paedophiles  and   lose sentence appeals only the good die young  keep them jailed the sicko's
no  this is great  as a trump voter  i hope they move to impeach  the best that can come out of this is wi
exactly  the chicken pieces are too salty  the fries are fine tho  sliders too
did you see 's speech on sunday to commemorate dr king?
waiting over a month for a canonical code issue to be resolve  we would appreciate a solution for the problem
myxclusive &amp; give a message to their fans and    by
i smoke more than i drink i havent gotten hammered ina bit  life has been stressful lately
thanks for being our angel and bring love into our little worlds; we admire you so muc
one significant result of  tales of the untold  is the signing of a petition in support of the sexual offences against children bill tht was
issue is not supply it's speculation cause of cheap credit ppl buying more th
why y'all parody accounts always tweeting this nonsense with $cott's name smh
it's time we put a stop to this nonsense  time to put kim in timeout
cgma i have my wishes for the country  my wish is for success of pres  duterte cause his success is success of the country  |
i liked aj vs shane but i wished aj got more offense in because it makes it look like shane could keep up with him
we are looking for a buyer on rue de montserrat
scolari starts yo wen jiabao in guangzhou derby  yes  he sounds exactly the same as former chinese prime minister
pm bulletin by sussed news team at the university of sussex
beautiful /18 season just announced highlights inc macmillan celebration programme and a triple bill to bernstein music
god may not get us out of a situation  but he will give us the strength to get through it
tornado kills in louisiana as state put on 'high alert' - chicago tribune chicago
another woman raped by a muslim cab driver   i see that's irrelevant to you   i guess not until the haters daughters
reunited with these amazing women on exactly a year to the day of when we started our
how will the loc team deal with the merican yokai    wtf will usapyons talking quirk be if they dont keep dani     daniel
you talk about how others assimilate  yet you're also telling me that i should swallow my emotions? i reject that
california could become the cannabis industry's safe haven assembly bill
the shinners who never had regard for human life punished a pro-life td
this might be an exaggeration  but    it is more correct than the morning news i'm watching
when someone says  you've changed  it simply means you've stopped living youre life their way   &lt;3
here's our top picks of today's startup and marketing news thanks to
i doubt either sitting president would be paying greens fees  fl
correct  thanks anne! rest assured you can bring your travel companion to any location
they'll tell you it doesn't have chemical or metal particulates in it  they're lying
thanks guysthis issue i have is when i paint the back black it bleeds through
computer fix-it free drop-in  saturday th april  30am - 30pm  a high street
loneliness can make your cold symptoms seem even more severe
because of the lord  s great love we are not consumed  for his compassions never fail  they are new e
richard durand - art of noise (original mi
planned roadworks in the north west summary for monday to sunday april -
listen high-culture news quiz   a celebration of cheese
funny when people say they don't lie nomo they eect yu to believe everything they say from that point on like nawww
the world's largest dino print  blue origin's capsule for space tourists  and other amazing images of the week
this is so true  succinct definition of liberal  to say anything to win the moment  no matter
so you ghosted someone  but now you want to hit them up  how does one un-ghost? also  can it be called  material
very cozy here to do your all day job like     the coffee bean &amp; tea leaf
who said that? you   ust another fool putting words in other people
has a real eertise in research  with your help we can bring an mri-pet scanner to
your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day  and you may    more for sagittarius
i haven't watched the show yet so idk if it's spot on but dude the book's so good  it's a must read
i dont like to hear women call their baby boys their little men  this just another gender storm in a b cup
it's going to be one of those days again  the opposing keeper making tremendous saves to shut us out  come on united!
productivity day is stephen fixing our bathroom lights and me stopping my dusting to read him some judgey internet comments for analysis
the exemplifies the definition of chaos! takes no ownership to actions
motivation for an action may encompass more than one motive  that does not lessen a humani
thank you suburban paws for supporting precious paws!! we are so grateful to you and your clients!
come play our fantasy championship  we are the creators of the original ipl fantasy!
i'm still upset i didn't get to go to kenny chesney's  the big revival  tour  does anyone realize how long ago that was?
-see the top most intelligent people in the world - see the only nigerian man that made the list (see list)
stealing a case of sour skittles feels  legal  but the law differs
i hate mfs in the military that try to talk to you any type of way just cause they outrank you   like nah fam that
for the sixth time  house republicans block effort to force disclosure of trump's tax returns
oh? so we attacked russia's ally- and possibly killed russians- and you think that this is whe
powerful vashikaran mantra for husband  &gt;&gt;&gt;
museum eerience assistant position open in st paul  mn -
rapunzel's mother is just like how i imagine aulea to be  ahhh i'm so glad we get to see both her parents interacting with each other &amp; her
found a transponder snail!luffy struggles to overcome his brother's death
top story mike flynn offers to testify in exchange for immunity - wsj   see more
paul foo from  remote workers have higher morale and are less likely to leave your company
we'd like you to meet james  our march at woodside  and here's why
or the latter will have to come to pass  so if the only possible choices are now betw
all i see down my time line on facebook errday is perks! and it's even hella hypes day down my time line smh lookin fa perks
funny story when i was at the opticians i thought she asked me how often do i have sex rather than how often do i change my specs
sorry to learn of the death of actor tim piggot-smith from the jewel in the crown and north &amp; south  rip  mr  hale
that is because narcissists are never wrong  they perceive themselves as too per
for mania week me and wrote an article comparing rappers to wrestlers  i'm putting the finishing touches on it now
you're known for your resilience  and you're apt to put it to     more for capricorn
pediatric nurses launch association the paediatric nurses association was officially registered in as a
no hiring a clinical psychologist - correctional facility in hinton
i confess since i saw your name &amp; before i knew it was 'rheeeza' i was saying 'rehza' in my head  so you are now forever r sum
new thriller  missing hours  dr bette porter nabbed by spies
last chance for tix in the morning w/ ! identify the headline &amp; win
i had nothing to say other than to do that  mainly since you are willing to do something i'm not an
it's just an extension of ignorant resentment towards a perceived  entitlement culture   they would
i love a morning run  feeling a sense of accomplishment early on can carry you through the day
retweeted mike gross () how to play depths by of mice and men - guitar lesson by mike gross
coming up wednesday in booth library's exhibit   a question of history public history in illinois  ha student
washington s false flag united nations confirmed that us supported  rebels  were using chemical weapons
point to lower open on wall street after us cruise missile strikes on syria
a honey trap eed the israeli army's vulnerability to social media via
please hv competitive rate  so ppl can coose to fly nepali airlines instead of
child  i don't pay for cable nor even have a tv antenna on my home  i buy
want people to trust you more? use these simple phrases to build report among your colleagues
celtics lose and it was not good  they get their rude awakening that the cavs are in fact on a different level and lecoast is real
won't be covered anymore birth control  covered questionable if any medications will be covered  no substance abuse or mental healthcare
rejected title for episode   the dark heart of darkness before dusk but never dark again  darkness returns befo
scout alarm review this diy security system lacks polish
bernie we need to think big  that's why we need to deport every illegal immigrant in this country  that
salute to my extended family shotta from  rude boyz   dj evvafross from   frosslyfe promotions
a huge  thank you  to our hard working players &amp; tremendously supportive parents &amp; ath dept that made our banquet today special!
yeah  i can't imagine what line item would be cents per even if i
with all the need &amp; suffering in the world  find it hard to  rejoice  in the mega millions spent on temple buildinghttps//
audi a4 l  corner/park light fog-driving bumper mounted
what is so marvelous about living today is that it is possible to extend  like a flower  spreading petals in all directions carolyn kizer
president donald trump continued to live his image as  deflector-in-chief  rather than commander-in-chiefhttps//
yep  looks like they're basically the same but balance we're already on dropbox vs file checkout/inanyway
tell andrea leadsom to keep the ban on bee-killing pesticides - with no exemptions! sign the petition
painting is fun  especially when you are years old!
sorry spamming u! t_t
breakfast with the beatles at noon every sunday / finest meat &amp; seafood offers the best service in the tri-state
congrats on the huge walk off run homerun and even bigger congrats on your first walk off of your career!
ivanka trump and jared kushner still benefiting from business empire  filings show - new york times new york
there are very few people i can rely on  every time something random happens in mpls i am reminded of this
senator dino melaye in messy certificate scandal  school says he did not graduate - see details - madailygist
not only does exercise help fight disease  it creates a stronger heart -- the most important muscle in the body
they were formed bc of a survival show if u want to cry and get heartbroken watch no mercy
labour must tell us what it can offer 'not what it would like to offer  by way of a rework of human nature  or the
birmingham city vlog gianfranco zola must start these three players against derby - birmingham mail
it all has to come out  with gop guiding investigation  no protection for hrc  bho  lynch  yates  any of them
access? may i contribute to you? as parent/writer and inclusion activist? ?
you don't have to defend or elain your decisions to anyone it's your life live it perfectly without apologies
today  we planted pinwheels at the nc executive mansion in honor of child abuse prevention month
hotel cutoff has been extended to /7!!! talk w/ your pta leaders about room-sharing options
i'm rooting for team in the honda all stars national championship tournament!
no i got harassed because i called out yoi and all the shit that comes with it lol literally just ta
constitution   the litmus test of validity by shad saleem faruqi via in response to rx cj fairuz
incredible scenes from tokyo as
by d way maulana u always say sharia sharia then y dnt u ad
if your mindset is  money over everything  you're gonna be very lonely and unhappy lmao idk just saying
i vote for &amp;  just hold on
why do you even pretend you are democrat? why just not to be honest and change party affiliation?
mass effect andromeda is an embarrassment! a mockery model made by
people playing wayy to hard to get these days  signals getting too hard to read no one admits anything
the tackle against henderson is a dirty challenge however today's one was just momentum he cou
buddy is smiling! we all know how he loved to smell pretty flowers  even though he scared me sometimes when
the one where alexander and eliza adopt a satchel named phillip after their son dies
pictures from some work yesterday doing pressure washing at a gas station  new ownership wanted
sur  santana - smooth (feat rob thomas) pop - soft rock - classic rock
that's made me feel much better however it seems acceptable for a guy but not a woman to feel the same o
capsa's st centre circle advisory board meets during the mha business summit t  enlisting the counsel of
can't get enough of these th grade thinkers at estes es!
if you believe trump is an -hole  watch this video
i'm at that point where i can have the exact woman i want so i ain't losing no sleep over a chick who can't get over her dealings wit niggas
might have been ryan gilbert  i haven't had time to write many standalone analysis articles this year
even if the whole world falls apart  you'll always be the light ay the end of the tunnel that i look up to
nothing is holding back your imagination now  freeing you to e    more for aquarius
grading - thursday evening  april th  leederville dojo  it would be great if everyone could come along to
if curling up with a good book could be made more enjoyable  surely it would be to curl up with the bisuit of the b
here's a great look inside 's model plane lab - like if you want to join them!
thanks for following  like a mystery? have my first two novels free as a thank you
bamusikye church of uganda was destroyed when a heavy storm hit it's building  also affected were bumasikye p&amp sch
memberships plugin is eating all the ram in wp (512mb) and killing the site  anyone see this before?
[t3-1o] josh donaldson (swinging) rhp matt andriese seq fc  fc  cu fc  s3 mph cutter
my room isco2 ppm pressure 3hpa temperature 1 c humidity 3% luminosity lux /03/31-023724
it looks like you're having a relaxing day  jonathan! how are you enjoying the sunshine today?
why don't these reporters simply say uranium story is a lie &amp; has been debunked several times? i d
me blocking kathryn to get your gay approval
i'm deleting the following people on my facebook as i don't interact with them or i am not fond of their recent
i'm gonna leave around 15  i you guys eat i'll pick up something on the way
killerstorm afaiu asic doesn't care whether asicboost is overt or covert because it gets midstates and doesn't rea
heading home after amazing weekend  what an inspiring and generous bunch of funny-bone ticklers - thanks to all!
looking at ? contact me and let me help you save some money and get the classes you need
my blog is now only vaguely connected to marketing  as this week i write about rupaul's drag race and how amazing
aimee mann finds 'mental' health returning to a quieter solo career
helmet cam footage shows why it never  ever pays to be nice to people go to
strongly condemn the attack on five nigerian students  it is a shameful act of cowardice  /3
i have basically just deleted every personal file and cleared the program folders out  there's only gb free now    how
i am so over everything trump and band of con men  liars and spineless fools is about  i thought he loved america
the souls of many others have my      via
like and share this tip to increase the capacity of your rvs freshwater tank!
interesting  but is not automatic insurance&gtular movements can often be worse  like castro  etc/
never underestimate the importance of a comfy office chair  especially if you're gonna be parking your ass there for hours |
i think we really have a new pink monster pink sweatshirt - pink cap  tiffany's effect or she's the royal pink bl
also  the enemy has to save your great grandchild from the future from a hive of retired weapons from ww2
to people who glamorize mental illness  please let me know when my anxiety attack starting at 45 am is supposed to be beautiful
thanks to staff for their help  o loved completing her entry for colouring comp!
pharma reports positive results from a phase trial of gsp studied for tre    read more $532296
i practically had an orgasm re-watching daenarys &amp; drogos most badass moments  bring on season dracarys bitches!!!
how did i survive from melbourne fl  to louisville ky  with a connection in atlanta all in the same day
the nose knows nasal swabs to screen for   propose researchers
i purchased the morphe set for the sale! been wanting to try that sponge! what a fun
thanks  i'll be commuting  judging by today's ferry  i'm not alone
thank you for the battle of the network stars reference today no one understands how great this was
everton forward ademola lookman pledges future to england - sources
found a transponder snail!davyback fight!! straw hats vs  foxy pirates!
believe in him is everything in your life and our life too
we didn't show the rates for blacks because they were so high they couldn't fit on the graph
ok  u know what you have to do now to get in the playoffs! it's in your hands so let's get a regulation w
have yo
i-205  int w/ sandy/us30 bypass  delay &lt; min  road work has the sb center lanes closed near sandy for pothole r
i watched my brother play the first couple hours of persona   and wow they were way better than the first couple hours of and
the entire security team leaves basketball game after seeing t-shirts
nowplaying interstellar (original mi - dj kash 10
president mukherjee to visit vikramshila university in last leg of three states visit
we're excited to offer this rare american airlines admiral's club aa angles shirt  it's so rare
if they pick a pg in the draft it doesn't mean they soured on him most teams right now
the stadium is full but the top part of the stadium is not open  people are standing while there are
carolina needs to run clock but not just have berry go iso with less than eight on the shot clock  he ain t right tonight
but are u eeriencing difficulties with them? work through agents and see how that works out  ppl
retweeted fox news ()    the message to russia is   we're not going to stand by while
happy new week chan &amp; gang mwahhh
shephard smith always have negative tone against   even his wh reporter  geesh  can there be some good positive reporters?
susan rice requested unmasking of incoming trump administration officials     obama is guilty by
old large historic australian wool &amp; shearing photo  tumby bay shearers c1890
i reviewed yamaha fascino /5  earn rs 40 per review via
i believe there was a transit worker who walked right by  did i not see an patch on a woman's jacket strolling
is a hindu - goverdhan ramse  he converted to be able to do gau- hatya      gharwapsi karo iski
can't stand the man but he wont be voted out  he's leaving  not standing for re-election
just completed a 1 mi run - elated from a surprise family visit  but happy i can get a workout be
it was wise to pop taker out in the middle of that ramp  it's gonna take forever if he enters from the stage  lol
where the fuck am i getting all these follows  you guys do know i am a shut in who screams loudly and laugh at awful puns right?
top story three white house officials tied to files shared with house intellig    see more
if you could check your facts before you open your mouth that would be great
madden is dead cause it's april and only people have a chance of playing for anything  end conversation
studies show that % of church people be in the club saturday night screaming  yuh pussy coming like bible when
family history is an important part of your life - let us help you uncover your past
found a transponder snail!ace and luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!
education is a shit show  common co
we have participants taking part today from the north east region
major  is my favorite character because she played fabulous cool visual a compelling central performa
softball  jenner named mountain west player of the week
epoca number for jcgouin this is tt60 model  color render just been confirmed  custom
you're whistling while you work today  and it's almost as if y    more for scorpio
you will be making a huge mistake  trump is an illegitimate pres  meaning gorsuch  however qualified  is an illegitimate scotus
made a diff one just bc too lazy to slide in yo dms and drop random names
is my pick for the myteam pink diamond tournament bracket  what's yours?
exactly  i'm in a field that's less than % women  young and old  i have been welcomed w/o worrying about sex  duh
yes i have! with the late before ! i used to watch reruns on back in the mid
and the whole time he had the airspace papers in his back pocket but didn't recognize their value
hey do you like this sketch of the bfg by pili-pili ho ?
social activities may be on the calendar today  but you aren't    more for virgo
with the grand national one day away  top jockeys &amp; share their thoughts
us ends funding for un population fund over complicity in chinese forced abortions
people followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
kelly bossing the uneven bars and kicking the raptor through the wall and onto the spike is an amazing scene and wo
charles bronson proposes to ex-corrie actress girlfriend | daily mail     - daily mail
a few of my favorites- star wars - the muppet movie - the iron giant - the lion king - raiders of
yr1961 lotus roadster super seven
just finished one punch man  i want more o   o i need more saitama in my life!
what should mama june eect from here on out? more celebrities open up about life after weight loss surgery
soccer time pertemuan terakhir chelsea vs manchester city di stamford bridge
have you lost a loved one? surviving and thriving after love and loss with kimberly smythe - today at pm et
salt lake city looking to overthrow silicon valley
i meant lack of parking for residents of those units  but yeah  with that many units on that small a lot
gosh how i wish i saw this sooner! asking if i can apply remotely or if there will be an extension
johns working &amp; my mom can't find a baby sitter for scarlett and my drs office doesn't allow children
video highlights  celebration and interviews from wyoming's cbi championship win
muslims immigrants are living like they're used to where their from  squalor  filth and violence are all they know
end of st     denver shooting % from the field but -of-8 from beyond the arc  jokic has points  rebounds
i have a complicated thing w/ the late show bc for every minutes of perfect s melbourne comedy there's minute of inexcusable racism
your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you    more for gemini
yes  like that  but only for second opinions on major health cases/diagnoses  the opposite end of the care spectrum
visibility seems to have downgraded kelligrews beach where search for person who may have gone through the ice th
it's so eensive being a girl  i love pampering myself but damn    nails  eyebrows  hair  toes  makeup  the list goes on
whether muslim or not  we all must become more tolerant  understanding  open-minded and encourage diversity  unity
thanks for sharing these material alternatives! lifematerials eu are
r&amp;b super producer song writer &amp; engineer !  -600-4475
~ i think there is little doubt the republicans will exercise the  reed rule   gets more than or more justices  hooah!
no autocorrect  i want breach  not breech    a gap or break  not a butt    although  captain! we've got a breech!  is a whole new story
spent mins trying to get the rabbits into their hutch and in the end they only went in for food so like me
ya allah fulfill my dreams  ya allah give me success  ya allah give me a bright future  ya allah bless my parents
senior staff nurse / odp raigmore hospital  inverness surgical specialties division theatres team senior staff
thank you for everything you do  thank you for being you! i love you so much  mind following me?  103
it's just nostalgic listening to album  back to reality on wednesday and i miss the squad so much (you guys know who you are)
oh shit! wrong richard spencer   nvrmnd  tomorrow  yes  and i'll have the leafs/flames debt i owe you w me
ignorance will claim the bible tells the rest of us pay the % of the people who own the planet trillions oil &amp;electricity; which is free
nobody can go back and start a new beginning  but anyone can start today and make a new ending  - maria robinson

sources tell grossi all in new england fo say there's no trade but there is one guy
hand over my chat history  develop a profile and let the chatbot do its work and i read the chat later in the day to catch up
nyom my pregnancy craving was primula with ham sandwiches stuffed with cheesy wotsits
this real life version of 's  the stand  is shaping up nicely
got a video ready for tomorrow hope you enjoy it  but that will be the only video of the weekend because my birthday is tomorrow celebrate!
digital trends was nominated for a webby award   show us your support!
muirlands larvitar % (7/15/14 - bite/stomp - small) til 2016(18m s)
failed to mention the republic of uzupis in his priorities (20th anniversary of independence today) d
parker bowman sprung on shorthanded breakaway  he goes low on rogers with 20 left in nd -0
sorry  can't get past the first paragraph  where &amp; how have eeriments to
elton john - rocket manstealers wheel - stuck in the middle with you gary numan - engineers ac/dc -
you long to be the center of attention  but you can take your     more for leo
the role of rustom played by akshaykumar is very natural  he give good judgement to that role  result is infront of you
i want to hear mediocre news on the mediocre news networks by mediocre talking heads talking in mediocre voices! dopey dope dopes!
we met some amazing students at   check out their synchronised swimming submission!
help celebrate the history of the faculty of health professions by contributing to our achievements project
retweeted grace hudson () ferts and the rogue thread (book of ferts)
and those whose pasttime it is to make the midnight mushrumps that rejoice to hear the solemn bell
just went out for a walk and met the world's most annoying man  don't leave the house without headphones in future
cute sleepy cartoon elephant by cheerful madness!!
today is a great day to do this
your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac    more for taurus
cat missing for years returns home after facebook post
sharing stories establishes the fact that victims are not afraid to speak out against perpetrators  they
why cheat? why? why not save the other person from pain? they will know  why not free yourself from the irreversible psychological trauma?
gee  i wonder who () aided in this type of behavior?  online trolling by hate groups surges  activists fight back
because if you're planning a terror attack and police found elosives being made
watch oklahoma city thunder star victor oladipo deliver his smooth rendition of r  kelly's  i believe i can fly
one of my faves  rollie coached a perfect game  villanova players played perfect game in monumental upset
blame it on the spell checker thingy    some brexiteers type with their knuckles
these days it's all about the chicken wings! bombay street food
home from a great weekend seeing my wonderful friends  celebrating a wedding  and even taking a
and we're glad you do too
sex workers say a wave of john stings is making life more dangerous for them
phil  17 but even if i am being poured out as a drink offering upon the sacrifice and service of your faith
new arbor hill listings and real estate report march
excited to be in the first round of accredited professionals
as a writer i try not to judge writing by how i would write it; rarely helps one reall
how come you don't call me by alicia keys on rnb hits radio - smooth groove ~ -
and still is not selected in indian team !! been performer in most ipl seasons  hard to believe
if it was just you  then you would have been tagged  it's all over everyone's tl  the world doesn't revolve aroun
kenneth cole reaction luggage a brief history portfolio  black
rt  trump admin says it's not pursuing strategy to push syrian pres  bashar assad out of power
intellectually and biologically we are just part of the whole  your own identity often being very trivial
the latest news! thanks to
woe be to those who attempt to block your progress today  for     more for scorpio
in a hidden roomhe'd pour wine &amp; read poetry til the candle burnt out i'd fall asleep in his arms &amp; soon i also fell in love
we now have four head controllers  -
a lack of secondhand on the market has initiated more business for malcolmmckeon via superyachts
adelphi's dr jane white  visiting scientist at northwell  begins her symposium presentation with ifn part
this gorgeous koi pond with a bridge and lots of fish  was in the backyard of a home i toured today  i've always
thank you for all you taught me  being there for me when i needed someone  and loving me like your own
maiduguri | female suicide bombers killed  injured in failed mosque attack
self-starter account executive wanted for florida network in competitive environment  ---&gt;
also  dirnsa said to hpsci  fake news  narrative is pa
now tomorrow night it will be your turn to put a stamp on can't wait
i liked a video from the ascent - mass effect andromeda pc playthrough part
someone already turned an alfa romeo giulia into $225 worth of rubble
overprotective boyfriend refuses to let girlfriend go out and twitter rallies hard
indeed  but a2 is hot aswell !
this was suppose to be her war! f-35s &amp; b-52s bomb and kill assad while fight song soars in the background
ok  congress and president  its time to go back to d c  and help mr  trump put together a coherent plan for this quagmire
i actually voted no just to be the black sheep and shun all the white yes sheep!
wish we could turn back timeto the good old days when our momma sang us to sleep but now we re stressed out
find out how we transformed red bull's into an interactive dashboard
lerato is a hustler guys  the girl really started from nothing  she's just pushing  re a go lebogisha
i pay high premiums with high deductible and copays  but i don't want some stupid ala carte bs
it just took me three hours to watch a two hour movie i can't believe i'm getting worse at literally just sitting there and watching a movie
the brutally honest story of what happened after this man's transformation
as someone who has been through my own mental illnesses  thank you for being that voice  it couldn
we've got a kid at our school who brings his acoustic to school
everyone thinks you're being overly efficient today  but you k    more for cancer
so if bannon is ever banished from wh he will do this to everyone? could be sca
i've been doing homework and projects since this afternoon  and i took a half hour break to eat   so that's a great start to the week
most definitely think it would be odd  my par
'someone's getting shot right now     oh well' l a  deputy ignores call in video to ex-girlfriend
matches from before the live special air on the /5 episode of (by )
top night  cracking night lovin your work
infographic your ultimate - via travelnpleas
i find my greatest pleasure  and so my reward  in the work that precedes what the world calls success  (thomas a  edison)

three things your body depends onif your blood sugar is stable    your energy could soar  your hormones
c line dion wore a phenomenal huge bow to the 'beauty and the beast' premiere
i either text back after a decent amount of time  or unacceptably way later  there is few and far between  sorry
because everyone is willing to accept the status quo - fear of consequences or fear of the unknown?!?
i like rick and morty  but is it really necessary to play the same episode times in a row for april fool's day? real mature!
every1 else considers me kind of a tomboy so i guess that's good? idk i feel guilty for painting my nails using pastel colors and make up ha
see all you lovely dance teachers and your students at worcester this sunday!
i'm with alec baldwin there's a point where none of this is funny anymore  there's a dicta
so either the employees are super lazy  and/or don't know what a switch is  or upper management is telling them to say no to all who call
i rather eected the victim to be the author but they clearly want you to keep writing
a fear of the unknown keeps a lot of people from leaving bad situations  don't let this happen to you!
wait did no one videoed how kai gave ksoo's shoulder a few squeezes when he returned after dancing with sehun for acoustic stage????
happy happiest birthday po thank you po for always supporting no matter  take care and godbless po always
one person followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
yasss it's time for a great show mcl vamp khello all
trade free follows x i also accept dms i do rts i go first for extras trading solo dm giveaway access account free follows rare
oh so sensitive  please lighten up  something's are just better left aloe is
forgotten realms - the legacy - legacy of the drow ser bk r a salvatore1993 pb
and it shall be said in that day  lo  this is our god; we have waited for him   (isaiah 9)
i really enjoy teaching my classes this year
trump syria's assad  crossed a lot of lines  with gas attack president t    via
pls lets suport our vry own efe its glarin wats goin on  dnt let dem brk us  vote efe to pls guys lets mk history!!!
** the popdot artist ** please join me on the twitter &amp; be my frien  ** the

access staffing is hiring a help desk analyst in floral park  ny
spectrum cable is censoring  signal goes out every night just before &amp; works fine other showsplease help!
does it patch quests as well because i'm stuck on  retrieving the drive core  the data pad at the crash site is bugged for me
pk spine carbon arrows for archery hunting with extra pcs field points
new post  india to follow japans footsteps? verdict on april th /bull month for cryptos?
we'd love to have you in our cubii family! thought you might enjoy reading this cubii eerience story
fight anyone that tells you there's nothing wrong with being fat  and help your body and bones and lose weight  seriously
guns in america arkansas responds to the backlash to its new concealed carry law
i'm so so sad that he's gone thru this  and i'm relieved that he spoke openly about his feelings
klopp is prepared to abandon idealism &amp;  win ugly  to secure the champions league following the injury to sadio man   (chris bascombe)
going to munch on this for dinner  late dinner but a long productive day!!! also
kick off by reorganizing your closet  keep clothing neat &amp; tidy with our selection of hooks/racks
standard of review fox s  shots fired  succeeds when it doesn t focus on characterization - above the law
ok so so far im in the clear for seeing nsp but i just need to tell my mom and get some dates straight
so i had a dream that me and rick ross were best friends and i was helping him remove his ankle monitor
there's a project for you dina! you could create the world's first jannie sock!
is ready to welcome its next group of superhero kids!
high specification space located at the clervaux exchange  to   call to view
tonightrt for like for winner plays at !
some times i forget i work in the second busiest cafe in the state then i see the numbers from mornings like this
im always here for objective beyonce analysis but i do not see what yall see for ashanti and never have  oh babay
butler has the potential to make an impact if he's called while guys like williams and buchanan can
when i tell you that one pf these fine days imma block you  believe me  no date yet  yeah think a the last week this
i would like to a dress from mytwirl thanks to
afternoon in paris will be at the hi tide on saturday at pm  but stick around for more fab music and a great weeke
with easter only a week away spaces are booking up fast! call now to get booked in and avoid disappointment!
away and in steps and stays hot doubling to lc for the first husky hit of the game
there are times when there's a great pleasure waiting at the end of laments  pains  and near-death eeriences    hinagiku katsura
i just went from tryna find a prom date to tryna find a bomb shelter real quick
another brilliant community ride  thanks ! we think it was our biggest since was in town
thanks so much! just working out exactly what i'll need and then will drop you a line in the next c
it takes so little effort to put on a good show today that peo    more for leo
cadillac escalade jacksonville  gainesville  jacksonville beach  ponte vedra beach  st  johns
ideal workweek  according to science  prepare for hr days &amp; day wks the job is dead - long live work
participate in research study conducted by sfc senior health care management students
it's the worst trip i've ever been on we are driving in the bus near a really boring places i'm bored!
it's not entirely confirmed what the chemicals were  but eerts suspect a powerful nerve agent
found a transponder snail!get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!
it's time to get to work! and now bernie sanders and elizabeth warren join forces to make college free
thank u for your leadership for all women and for stopping by the coding event w apple
it's interesting you say that because mackey  who clearly lacks awareness  tweeted photo of the library birthday cake today
floor and her front area facing tanjine  she took aimed for tanjine's chest with her galactic patrol ray gun and vsshhh! (4/9)
a from georg liehtenberg (1742-1799)  soothsayers make a better living in the world than tr
bulk pcs topaz glass crystal faceted cube beads mm spacer jewelry findings
good thought  borne out by god being described as having  unlimited patience
whites got nothing for free  you won't it's the way life works stop whining ab
downton abbey  producer writes impassioned letter about public arts funding
being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone     more for virgo
jail broken unlocked amazon fire tv stick  with kodi mobdro quad core
mr trump  please use your speech writer more often  you have vocabulary of average high school student
although i'm thankful for life i've lead  i still wish i was bout that action  it'd be unreal to be prepared for when some mfs try you
trump boom! k new private sector jobs in march  beats k estimate (video) (via )
recruiting|civil practice lead  chicago  il
designer needed for internal comms team  based in west london  check out the spec here
i'm doing some worldbuilding in my big ink world scrivener file  this is just the core magic types  this world is h
also  threaten the careers of gop senators who vote to eliminate the filibuster on scotus nominees  call now
be vigilant  corrupt persons within britain will use this force as reason to not fight negative consequences
my biggest homeschool mistakes
made up of predominantly whole foods reduce the in
yeah naughty dog for sure  but very few games of this scale look this good (in the general gameplay i mean)
alif tree - forgotten places by alif tree rsi jazz
got a link as evidence of this supposed new law?
found a transponder snail!famed pirate hunter captured! exclusive shots!!
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect have a great wednesday    want this
kind of makes sense  major differences in approach to reality  one materialistic and one discursive
eloring st  john's bridge and cathedral park! it's where they film the librarians!!
one key element to a strong apostolic church is strong minstrels and psalmists!!!
the latest ed2day daily voice! thanks to
utter bollocks you don't wait for it to get in range you twat yo
i think all my mangas are worth this bag  and thats like nearly at this point
i'm sure that's why he was allowed to defect  to tell the us kim jong-un is nuts &amp; spread fear
had a great time kayaking around singer island and peanut island
my baby already not playing wit y'all! lol
i liked a video from sonic runners adventure - next mobile sonic game? (rumor)
a decent person as sos would be unique! she wouldn't sell influence through a  chari
understanding customer eerience artificial intelligence may be the solution--here's why - forbes
i added a video to a playlist tony robbins news best - repair your relationship when all hope
having a bf/gf won't solve all your life problems  it's nice when it's healthy &amp; good but you gotta learn to love &amp; live w/yourself alone
another food deal saver! % off! now only  29 00!
this chick literally said she wanted to go home and pass out as she was re-doing her lipstick for the rd time
apr  paris puts our flag with those of allies; immense enthusiasm over our entry; press calls it  the verdict
i walked here from th and walnut (with a detour to th and ellsworth) so i deserve whiskey  ( tattooed mom)
go into details    it's total fraud of   he is trying to fool people again  the voter gets a slip o
annual car festival of lord lingaraj rukuna rath halts at tinimundia chhak; to resume journey tomorrow
so who is it ran by? cause fijmin is a fish he doesn't have fingers and he is not that
*nods* same here  living in perth makes it fairly costly when doing a lot of the cons in aus
with my young man getting him ready for snowboarding school bc he is too cool to ski
maga we will make america great again despite the liberal snowflakes  all aboard the the trump train
if i stopped at a shady ass motel in the middle of the night &amp; the owner told me he does taxidermy i'd get the fuck outta there
the theme song for this administration should be trump dressed as elsa belting out  do you want to build a strawman?
just rebooting it doesn't matter as long as you haven't closed any ports by resetting everything
david scorey  passenger service director guaranteed redhill better service in new timetable  r
if someone you know loves to read but can't get to book club meetings they might like this online book club for
second half begins between louth and sligo with a score of louth -6  -5 sligo
ugh i'd have to do so much self-improvement to find love again and i just don't know if i want it that much
to all u ninjas in the denver area we have tickets on deck bones a piece so let us know ???
i guarantee kavanaugh et al can come up with another $60m if they really  really want to  if they don't it was a bad deal to begin with
i liked a video we all die young - steel dragon/steel heart - vocal cover by ramiro saavedra
hours till leads us in a sweet night of worship!! bring your friends cause it's going to be legit!!
oof  that's rough  if you ever need any other car help  we hope you'll keep us in mind
geopolitics aficionado!!! ha ha ha  and someone who admires trump ! you are such a  funny  guy rob  bless
what do you do with the people you know that only ask for favors and when you need a favor in return  you get their voice mail?
on rockin radio dear younger me (official lyri by mercyme
please will you consider sharing to help prevent children from harm
as u sow so shall v reap v hv chosen it ourselves these incidents r tearing d secular fabric
3 is freeing up extra storage space  users say via
but ur hot so it makes up for it also i think ur piercings look amazing so it doesn't matter
blockchain in banking  business and beyond by via
isotopic fingerprint of emitted by bare peat soils in russian
check out - nearly million people doing great things to end extreme poverty
you may want to be careful here
follow trail of dead russians if you want to crack election interference int witness
don't it by billy currington  listen on stream
can i just get some kittens playing with yarn every now and again? holy crap knowin
pleased for boys today  took their own team talk and didn't make the game difficult for themselves
someone just tweeted a microscope    only way to see his nudes  haha he was so butt hurt! whoever tweeted that
tetch      he muttered again  nudging her briefly  those two fellows have been glaring at us all this time
sheriff s office on patrol at irish italian islenos parade
i got the money by myself i don't need help with them bands god i can handle my enemies jus protect me from my friends
remember who i was- james arthur felt like singing a song before i went to bed  this songs
this story is a distraction promoted by trump trolls  i'm not saying kaivan is a troll  it's a diversion  aka bs
morning dr  banner! i hate mornings but then again i haven't slept all day! haha! how are you?
up close and personal with window hummingbird feeders  via
most likely  it will come in the form of a maverick corndog gone wrong i bet
maybe i just need to accept the fact that im actually stupid  i dont have what it takes to be an engineer  sigh
i replied to what you said about the label bs you came down on me with  i gave examples of
are you looking for something todo this school holidays? mac adelaide lightning and adelaide ers have you
y'all don't need to be worried about what i'm doing  y'all need to be worried about what y'all not doing   -
tortured in a concentration camp in the u s a !! adelanto detention facility adelanto  california!
body shaming isn't funny i hate people that will literally do the dumbest videos for some views  fuck this generati
social entrepreneurs find growth in uneected places via
looks like me in the car on the way to ur concert while blasting ur songs
sony we can shut all the competition down with our skills of swaying and pandering to demographics disney oh yeah?? watch this!
our sincere apologies  please send us an email regarding your recent visit to hello com so
thank you for your support  you mean so much to our program  forever family
hi  no updates yet but we re aware of this one  as crews respond we ll have updates here
when you want to write your instagram  serial novel  for the instead of your wip
'exact opposite of what is needed' cibc slams ont  rent-control rules
a technical argument for quality
takumi will make the sky rain with arrows  sometimes cautious  sometimes wild  always one of the best a
have you ever cried at the first second of hearing the song for the first time? me
you've ruined flyers completely  not sure i even want to play anymore  ui is ugly  too  -/
/16 opc platinum new york islanders ryan strome red prism card ltd /149
think about how you want things to be - your preferred future  what aspects of that preferred future are happening now? there will be some!
you like tired!! please get some well-earned rest  otherwise you'll be exhausted tomorrow
you are a self admitted liar  conman  draft dodger  racist  &amp; sex offender    what's to get wrong?
school designated as polling booth in central kashmir's district set on fire source cc
need a little table for your toddler? build your own!
it s okay if i m not your favorite chapter you have written  but i hope you sometimes smile when you flip back to the pages i was apart of
this one traveled feet to straight-away left  ahem  margot on around a -homer pace at petco this season
like i give a damn we getting so much new shit n shaking our fundaments of what we perceive as reality ur bitter ass doesnt matter
what a privilege it was to be a part of this world blacksails_starz
this makes me (admittedly irrationally) angry  if you want to have a winery in any state  you should use that st
update teen cancer patient from ky receives k birthday cards today alone  k total
in texas schools everything below a is a failing grade  i think a similar attitude is used here
you can join us that day and enjoy a day of education
so good to meet you at tom! wishes his pic with u was this colorful!
is there anyone worse in transition than stanley johnson in the whole league  i cringe every time he's in the open court
this tornado about to help the milk and bread industry once again
brad stevens on ncaa title game 'i usually turn it off when the confetti's falling'
? need me some - feat  pouya x mikey the magician (prod mikey the magician) by on
obama spied  media liedthis is the real story behind talking points!
here tis have signed for yrs at that's sobes dunking ahead of
last night i did hours of my new project  and tonight i'll record the dead rising stuff for tomorrow
with   photo by elysiagriffin of my fem gabon cosplay! costume
so it was just the of them at the club then? also how do u know how deeply they knew each other? proof?
hes a box to box imo but union don't have a solid number      or      they are pinning all hopes on edu coming back fit
not a bad shout actually  does lamport make more $ through adult leagues though?
your clear vision of success motivates you to reach higher to     more for capricorn
drinking a saison de lis by perennial artisan ales american czech center
boredom is being content with your current situation in life  it's up to you to bring consciousness to the equation and remove boredom &amp; do
the creative industry has many opportunities that can be harnessed to create jobs
this is a scam just to get money! they never paid us for parker winning!!! don't use this ever
when should it be ready? i'd be really interested to read it
'the independent music show' newsletter &amp; play-list /03/2017 featured   'shelita burke
keith is soooo precious t____t i got hunk too for emi but i str8 up wanted all of em
please remember the /50 draw concludes this friday  please make sure your child has returned their tickets  hopefully sold!
glasgow sci-fi  cosplay and comic con this weekend - everything you need to know
all inquiries are answered in the order received  customer support will be with you shortly
is that the leadership conference? i'd love to go to live show but keep missing tickets
will you ever make physical copies of  blkswn ? it's a masterpiece  btw  i'll be seeing you in toronto once again
the most humble leader in the world
it will give you that indication  that s the assumption i m having   read that last sentence again
ed milliband was right in   trump was wrong in   labour needs a foreign policy beyond the ideas of dick cheney
tell jou i love you i love you i love you i love you i have not left the precipice of a heart attack since
fuck these refs man holy shit!!! put the fucking whistle away!!! i don't think gonzaga has even made a shot that isn't a free throw
your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day  and you may    more for sagittarius
the latest el diario de ulises castillo! thanks to
[dabcc] closer look at  s dataplatform ve via dabcc
unemployed trailer park trump voters thought he would only hurt the undeserving  coloreds   not take w
you might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t    more for scorpio
that's all?? get canseco out there with him for bp - we gotta bring those stats up!
i just entered to win a free pair of kaws x air jordan from +
all lay persons used wiretapping meaning surveillance  pres trump is still basically a lay person  why is it wrong? wasn't!
it means it is subsidized from public funds which are raised via taxation  stop straw manning a
i'm still crying and this was over a month ago (tysm for taking a video lololol)
by making your sermon a blog you can give potential visitors a preview of your sermons and feel of your church
frequently asked questions about scientology visit our faq section for answers to the most popular questions
legit tearing up heresupportive boyfs ruin me shiro still wants to be useful  as a person  beyond being a leader and a warrior
bustawrapps are head wraps that cover the ears and forehead during the cold
q1 the cybersmile foundationq2 lauren jauregui q3 normani kordei q4 ally brooke
i had recharged of for jio nd translation held successfully   but till i haven't received any messages order no-3038745598
love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile  - elizabeth barrett browning
nfl mock draft  mel kiper and todd mcshay think redsk
suffering  you know when i hear any elosion i feel like i've heard it many times nothing new  i don't know but i feel most
empire  ratings stumble to another series low   chicago p d   rises on soft night via
as long as demi is happy then i don't care who she is in a relationship  have y'all seen her recently? she is looking good
i can choose to let it define me  confine me  refine me  outshine me   or i can choose to
may be the most important podcast you ever listen to
find your spirit  and no challenge will keep you from achieving your goals  - christopher penn
trump syrian strike is in 'vital national security interest' of united states
gary  only weeks and i will be in london to see this amazing musical again   i'm so proud of you
i'd give anything if he would follow me  and rub off a little on me  what a tough guy  chuck norris
marvel legends star-lord guardians of the galaxy vol  action figure toymorehttps//
my company is launching this week  blessed to have the opportunities that have been presented to me and lead me to this point
some of the stalwarts in the music biz on the board  hope record labels scale a lot of peaks in the years to come u
sorry  stevo  imma have to miss ur show tonite cause shes on  no1 wants to hear her babble  shes y won
in   nss will conduct its largest number of group tests to date  more than doubling the number performed in
found a transponder snail!the stunning scientific navy unit at headquarters!
latest  agents of s h i e l d   recap  what if     the wonderful world of hydra
we are open for business from -5pm and we mean the business!!! &amp; choices galore
starting slushy rain/snow mix in what is surely father winter's very last blast  drive safely northeasterners especially philly and nyc buds
anyone else feel like we are getting played? leak amaker so then we are satisfied with ewing?
for low-ranking counties  health improvements require long-term effort (via )
this sums up my day today  lost phone/ found phone  locked keyes and phone in jeep/ got locksmith to get keyes

yeah okay so retirement is waaaaaaay down the road  but why not get ahead of the game  bring a friend and get smart
motherwell's display in the -2 defeat was pathetic but congratulations to dundee as they are making 'well look like the 's brazil
misty you see what i mean  you guys all and she about to cry
i think to myself  im ready for a relationship  then i see some relationships and im like  thank god im single
she did everything but wag her finger saying i did not have unmasking  political subversive relation
read i don't acknowledge that women have anything else to offer but sex  pence is a dick
so  here is to hoping i have the same dream tonight i was having last night
but it will never be or feel the same  all of that to say thank you  to the fandom and the cast even if it might not be a real goodbye +
hi   i just wanted to say a massive thanks for the time you gave to my kids olivia and dylan during the
i had no idea you were divorced (&amp; really it isn't any of my business) but i do hope you are doing okay now
i kno you bitches steal eyeliner n shit  i done bought mac eyeliners n getting ready for the club they grew legs n ran off
workshop is underway! totally beautiful
tonight all roads lead to the party on friday nights amsterdam lounge located at u
then it's easy to understand why anti imperialism involves the global south liberating itself  not being liberated
if the dude copied your flow ppl shouldn't blame how you feel like get off a nigga dick like dam shou
no i'm not  but i could very easily be convinced  notably large  and in a botanic garden  thanks lx
we hope to see you on tomorrow! pm et/12pm pt
congratulations danny on your promotion to noasm at store !! you will be missed!
what are the steps for paying a pre paid bill via mpesa  i have the account number not the meter number
lord  thank you for your word and for the light of your love that comes through it  it will be the guide for my journey forever  amen
some epipens have been recalled - the us food and drug administration (fda) has released information on a recal
the rise of  how young influence a mature     by
and whatever the hell should be done in syria  i know for sure trump shouldn t be involved much less in charge  that s all i ve got
seis directs lov
ok i'm not using this as much of a meme but today one of my flute keys wouldn't work this was legit fucking me
yo  fam    let me hear you say anything about chicago style pizza my g    i'll duff yo ass  and that morano  keeping it trill
alfani new black women's size large l textured knit open front jacket $89
excited to be working with this weekend! quality events  quality teams!
why agencies should prioritise culture over strategy every time
f (feels f) - humidity % - wind mph ese - gust mph - pressure 24in
safe havens for illegal immigrants is absolute nonsense  the left are protecting their voting base by harboring criminals citizens b damned
your kids need you more as parent not only toys! so be there emotionally  physically and financially
i know we have bigger issues  revitalizing downtown is why i moved back home  this was best plan to co
dear god  help me to understand that difficult times can make me stronger in the end  even though it may not always be easy to see
how do i apply to be an ref? this game shows that i don't need to understand much or even make decisions  just want a form
went to see some nature at the poppy reserve in antelope valley on tuesday
dead pawn native american sterling silver mm bead necklace
i saw religion as the most fundamental social institution of humankind  and one that gave rise to other social forms
we know you track everyone  that's the point  enjoy your freedom while you can
don't know what the believe    why would he not know that    he's with negan all the time!
this week our says there's no replacing a good workout  but technology can enhance it
omg its beautiful!!! see i could be doing things like this but instead i just wasted hours of my day
no hesitation  ndress yourself do a selfie email it to me sword &amp; scale is the best podcast; please rate it /5 on itunes  it's important
kash exams me bhi armaan se related questions aate to sare armaanians topper hote
more and more managers and supervisors are isolating themselves to get the things done   reports  updates
i cried a little when we won  one of the worst unc games iv watched  but doggone-it we won!
breaking news former deputy finance minister mcebisi jonas resigns as anc mp  by
there was a camera man walking around and filming fans and when morgan and i went up to buy our merch he filmed us so we might be on the dvd
i love how he'll own the good employment   stock market  gdp but all the negative shit   that's a hold-over from obama
you could work with such a passionate intent today that you in    more for pisces
highlight of my week being forced by an year old to dance to rihanna with a broom stick and a foam sword (hurry up weekend)
i report at dss office daily  not detained   ifeanyi ubah
every semester two morning has been me sleeping in just that little too much and running late all morning
this research initiative was started by the previous president  not the current one  this one isn't interested in science
the star ingredient  however  is the orange pepper  with its bright  citrusy flavor &amp; fiery
why didn t zorstorer kill nick when he killed everyone else? or did he  and the stick saved him?
thanks mate there definitely is something else! what i think is best for my life definitely isn't alw
legally get + premium to grow ur business
hii guys this is my new boo tee work out to get that peachy boo tee we're all after this exercise is
new post (miami open roger federer beats rafa nadal to win tournament | tennis | sport) has been published on -
creative possibilities are blossoming all around you today  bu    more for virgo
we gleefully would like to announce a fabulous new company  that magnolia emporium will be curating
i can imagine handing over my drawing for someone to publish  then find out they erted it with an awful setting
total war warhammer reveal trailer theories  analysis and hidden details
i kinda don't like them but it was a great night! almost there
i just uploaded  spotlight on seniors empowered aging series - balance  to
so he either knows this and wont ( cuz its fairly obvious) or thinks he buys time by dra
it's definitely another ball game when you meet the parents sksks
i'm sure your glad to be home   hope your catching up on sleep    there is nothing like (cont)
im sorry but the david moyes thing proves my dislike for the football industry even more  if you enjoy the game that's great but people get-
it was great had some lunch with pretty wife and got to see river and my son so doesn't get much better
how nice on friday to get a positive message from parents about ps   we are very lucky to be part of wps' community
we've worked on small door canopies to large factory roofs - what can we help you with?
one for now    the rest to be updated   !! by via
i was chandigarh that time barely kms away from mohali pca stadium celebration gone wild after that win
just trying to cast the net to pull as many people to the site as possible  as a social media
it's an all-too-familiar lesson for you archers more of a goo    more for sagittarius
massively  lob the handling fees on top plus travel etc it's so much! keep an eye out for o2 angels o
how the  f  do you tax speculation? that's almost like taxing thought? where's the flux capacitor?
wwe&amp;mcmahons4us fans were glad talent beginnin come up but u need listen also us thefans($money$machine$)! ur predictable change needed
here's the answer to yesterday's question the lord nelson statue is located in   bridgetown  barbados! search here
how mad do you think tucker and derozan are that lance gave them no reaction  cool guys don't look at elosions
| your marketing and consulting company | inspired to design &amp; plan your events  she said yes
i played the search the waves mini game in paradise island   and my score was
it's not easy to understand your feelings today and you may ch    more for libra
this ramp at mania has to be about yards  minimum  goldberg is gonna be blown up before he even gets to brock
i love that sign  it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside when i am on my way to the beach
tonight is grilled cheese night from -8 p m ! be sure to stop by kappa alpha theta on the iu campus and support casa!
my room isco2 ppm pressure 5hpa temperature 9 c humidity 7% luminosity lux /04/03-093727
i liked a video frank edwards - under the canopy (official music video)
and he has a lot in common with dogs since  unless kept separate  parents sometime
all in the article what i want to eress
lmfao i'm gonna let your ass be! u wanna fight go 'head   all i want is to be fuuuuuckinnn chopped
it's the first pub crawl i can legally participate in and i have to go home to do an insurance claim   fuck
our sonoma valley high school media arts program was a huge success this morning!
ryanwhy do you think democrats independents &amp; many republicans do not want your  wealthcare  plan for your greedy
be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it s all an eerience   kisses slayingkccmallgensan
i'm guessing russia will also warn u s  if bad hombres' attacks are coming our way  right?
if i'm correct  they can't vote yet so they didn't do shit for trump becoming president

colore oil paint set (set of ) colore oil paint set (set of ) by colore  403% sales rank in arts  crafts &amp;
one of the greatest jokes in all of harry potter is when the fat lady changes the password to  abstinence  in half blood prince  kills me
track this perspective and see where it lands!
the pleasure and beauty of nature calling to something deep inside of you letting us feel our connection
new tweeps followed me in the last day  i find relevant people to follow with the feature of
i am still not over the cherry blossoms we saw yesterday at uw! they were
what events do you not want to miss in ?
hello people in usa      and elsewhere! enjoy this movie
you might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie    more for cancer
white friends or relatives  so tired of talking about racism  me  imagine living it?  them
hello ! in countries   libraries ! my fifth story in magazine you read !
i'm sorry to hear that  they're incredible  check them out  who knows  you might like them
- been labour for years    - no he didn't  - actually ukip are not surprisingly unified
welcome to live personal trainer  please write your health and fitness comments and questions below
simple some1 has lot of money  needs to put it smewhere and land seems safest place  plant trees coz there's noth
number of mexican immigrants coming into the us has been declining since
i dont care how hard it is to be together  nothing is worse than being apart  kisses angsunshinenamin
lol    dude is hilarious! where have a been? just recently stumbled on to his youtube channel    comedic
our faw-qualified coaches will be running soccer schools during the easter holidays! please rt
doesn't read that way  the possible legal way only depends on the interpretators of the constituation
machine learning to the rescue the *fraud in banking* edition
anyways  i think i'm gonna go write a bit before i force myself to fall asleep early
there is no epidemic in     but that doesn t mean there aren t children that need our help
hi  hello  took a break from earth for a month to fully finish a small project that dates back
harry styles used to google his dates before going out!
girl's father smashes window of visiting boys' automobile - moultrie observer
nunes will rue the day he left the farm and spicer needs to go back to being the easter bunny
could be suitable for both possible outcomes - casket for the plan or for the americans
i'm saying!! my bf isn't even watching this season and he's like  wait  the vets keep evicting vets??
limited edition of the day  i really love this set  here are three versions fron the na  eu and jp regions
this is so terrible  god bless all of the innocent civilians who are about to eerience such senseless violence
you may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r    more for leo
^nigerian man shares hilarious tale of how a pregnant woman used her situation to fight recession
when i was and first read  skeletor- evil lord of destruction  i was all  hell yeah!
if you've ever wanted to know more about me  you should check out this post from the archives!
texas manager bannister is just embarrassing himself by arguing a rule that every manager should know  what a joke
really needed to be sasha and bayley last in that match  kind of felt like a filler  sadly
new york times syria  neil gorsuch  stockholm your friday evening briefing
penny lane with trumpet ending is on new set (us promo mi  take of sff is on there but whether
rock &amp; roll hall of fame  see all the induction speeches for tupac  pearl jam  journey  and more!
those kids are lucky  lucky  lucky! i'm seeing it myself in a few weeks - w
stop looking for reasons to be unhappy  focus on the things you do have  and the reasons you should be happy
not cool     the pre race chat with these guys was tops  ja
i've never seen so many abandoned hopes  dreams  and aspirations in one school  good schools
unretweeting retweets cos i realised they'd cropped or not included the artists names and i need a nap before i start sherlocking that shit
a few things don't feel quite right about the picture or the words  i found a way work around waiting the roses
pareto principle only ten players in the nba have recorded multiple triple-doubles this season and account for % of triple-doubles
$acia and guess what? shorts don't even know the   ask me often what is the p/e? give them links this and that? do your dirty work
men will be flying private jet like is uber  0147 cc
teamwork makes the dream work || hair by nicknice87 || mua ||
islam is the quickest growing religion and flooding europe  we need it refor
normally  you're more than happy to go along with a friend on     more for sagittarius
banks don't caretelecom companies don't care airlines don't care online stores don't care and we call this the age when customer is king
a big hello to all our new follower  thanks  if you don't know what we do  ckick here &gt;
nothing is holding back your imagination now  freeing you to e    more for aquarius
haha aww i'm okay  just taking lots of advil  if it doesn't go down by noon i'll go in  promise
000 children suffering malnutrition in   continuation of bombing &amp; blockade --&gt; more to die &amp; suffer
the desert of a tough sunday is a thirsty place that should drive us to the living water
hey tg can't wait to watch more of your livestream despite the gloomy day  i know that watching your
havin' a hard time deciding what colours to use  changed my chrome theme too  i got really high during my wake n ba
your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today  bringi    more for virgo
the rumors are true! keke's breakfast cafe is opening early! in just a few more hours we will be enjoying fluffy
home stretch for trumps supreme court nominee could forever alter the senate
social marketing   are you spending your time in the
republicans can say this kind of thing because their base  the fact-free low-information voters  have no memory or
you are the finest  tenderest &amp; the most beautiful person i've ever known  i love you a lotmind following me? x47 217
to someone using it to try to fraudulently login to accounts  that was weird  ips aren't cheap
i'm aware it's not the confederate flag  i do not support ppl being proud of it either regardless o
law enforcement authorities (sfo  city of london police  nca  fbi  europol  ipa  fca  sec  judges) please help afren share holders!!!
the email scandal is treason
friends ? fuck a friend i need a nigga thats gonna be my only friend rl deleted all my contacts (not family) got real female friends
victor wants scott to give his take on his interview with abby  scott won't so that he can maintain his objectivity
so then the convo is kink as an identity  which i think ppl have a hard time separating as ideas and
that's a very interesting projection that will be impossible to challenge  my main issue is perception  we are now fascists
around the corner or the town next door  when you re in the trax there s always discoveries in store  where has
one problem *is* a superficial form of ar that appeals to woke entrepreneurs and fudges actual demo (women
if a child has a high attendance and can easily can up on any work missed then i personally don't have a problem with it
thanks for the follow- your music is everything needed to kick off the week  loving it
you ever stopped and asked yourself whats holding you back from having a good day  if it's really worth it  life's too short have a good day
look how good your girl looks  see ya in days  don't forget me
ibm security report billion records leaked in   k new vulnerabilities via
my mom and i have moved onto chicago fire bc she won't watch pd but i'm so sad bc i know shay dies but i'm in love w her
pence said  swear  but friedman said  affirm - a victory for the constitution!
efficient derivation of funct human airway epithelium from pscs via temporal reg of wnt sig
you're not a big fan of the rules unless you make them yoursel    more for aquarius
like i said  time and again  by the end of may  this year  the th anniversary of his conning me  ronald l  mallett's career will be over
a perspective on they system &amp; our fight plus the poor &amp; poisoned - &amp; beyond
what motivates you? what keeps you going? what keeps you thriving? repost from
the transformation of leontes in twt he sees material exteriorization  as a type of death; saved by recognizing his kinship with h's statue
they knew we'd think is april fools   so it's a double april fools    it's actually happening
the balloons flicking about the place were integral to   would have been staid without them
i'm so in love with the new album &amp; i'm really looking forward to seeing you live in berlin  vienna &amp; salzburg
we are live with some overwatch first  then some scary games! happy spoopy thursday everyone!
at 05 am  se north sandwich [carroll co  nh] trained spotter reports snow of 0 inch
absolutely  i know we agree  but what happens when patients are so overwhelmed or under-supported they don't know what to do?
tex +1 35 total advance today 59 et  terex corp $tex 4 stock hit a high of 4 and 4 low with vol
bruh i just saw this  lemme tell you  it sucks when you can only get stuff online &amp; it's eensive af
thanks &amp; many other thanks for subscribing result will be announced on
theresa may's policy vacuum will harm her brexit efforts  writes
tell us how much work you all will be doing since we will be burying our heads in our books tomorrow?
this is a very heartwarming story  much of their success could be credited to trudeau and his citizens  they are very supportive
facebook groups are used as discussion forums  with people coming together to share ideas of interest
special needs school picks up a zero food hygiene rating from horrified inspectors - the sun
got myself some little presents today edward kenway model and the last guardian!
abc breaks syria exclusive   assad knew of attack   bombs were for show via report
skills coaching is more about education &amp; the mindset that your environment cultivates than it is drills  anyone can go on youtube for those
african-american students more likely to succeed with black teachers
i just donated to  got a matching gift made &amp; a subscription to monthly
was super stoked on having my hair long again but the ends is just so damaged i need to cut it short fuqet fml
look out for me looking awkward in oli's vlog that goes up tomorrow  i'm the first person in the queue looking shy and awkward
vote king ong he said  this feels like a cheatkey  (the feeling on game when ur opponent is using chea
centre works progressing well in advance of the traffic flow changes this sunday
magneto would absolutely destroy that piece of alien trash  magneto in the transformers universe would mean them mo
been saying that for months always jam tommorow wouldnt be surprised to see a placing land before the licences are
call presents can you dig it? win prizes  watch out for the pesky gopher  &amp; learn about dirt!
arkansas bans  seelection abortion    the new york times
hol up hol up hol up bitch hol up lil bih  be humble bih sit down    sit down lil bih
how we work  how we hire  what our team says about it
dogs in a complete panic as i casually stroll through the house singing  suspicious minds  at full volume in my best elvis voice
delightfully sickening  sometimes i buy a packet of four and gorge; a hideous greggs cake comedown foll
thanx a lot   for refund of s deposit refund aft months &amp; to swati mam thanx too  all is well which ends well
a lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now  m    more for leo
didnt spend almost years studying that countrys language &amp; history just to be corrected by sum1 who learned through kdramas dont touch meh
been working on a big commission all day - here's a sneak peek! (i love doing dakimakuras!)
but seth rich deserves for his murder to be properly investigated  and solved  wasn't robbery  was murder
i don't care if you're a fanboy  i love you the way you are and your jokes make me laugh everytime!!!
even so  that's an incredible development and a break that they deserved
facebook enables user-generated crowdfunding campaigns related to medical  education  and more -
but then there's conflicts of interests and illegal busine
yes you should  i never thought i would be interested but now i am
be happy  be who you wanna be  if others don't like it  then let them be  happiness is a choice  life isn't about pleasing everybody
wow! how time flies? hard to believe this is the last month that we have to decide which two prior models i'll be
both ? gonna have to clean up my credit a bit but i'll be ready to buy in the next year or so
thank you very much
sir u should lookafter oppo &amp; vivo mobile company  both r harassing the indian manpower
we're about a week away from trump signing an executive order that says release live bears in the fucken poor parts of america
you can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo    more for virgo
food was reasonably priced &amp; very delicious  food was temperature hot and very tasty  staff is great &amp; they a
you have the time  just like you added a red b before every word in wuch wall wands
love seeing pro athletes laugh and smile during their games  after all the work and ups &amp; downs getting there  they still love the game
congrats your blog has been selected as one of the top gadget blogs on the web by
rebounding and scoring inside were two areas of concern given unc's size  ducks winning both battles so far  +5 on boards  +2 in the paint
my brother lemme get a wassup for the website i made for you back in the old days (
cesaro &amp; sheamus looking like they're either going for the fully monty or to win the eurovision song contest
ik vind een -video leuk racing australia's fastest fpv drone pilot - pilot showcase
me and need a lightskinned  tattoo having  icy watch wearing dude to take us to prom real quick
there is more to marketing than just tweeting  it's what you tweet  hit my dm to discuss how a can work for your project
this is what the us media is all about  fawning over each other while ignoring true journalism  disgusting
boeser with the sedins on the pp doesn't fit  everything goes through the twins and doesn't allow boeser to be an option to use his shot
well seeing that everyone is saying they going to the bathroom or getting a snack answers my question
he felt steven s messy hand clinging onto his own  and his eyes began to feel heavy - the room around them soon became surrounded into darkn
i hate when i send myself a tweet that i thought was funny and when i wanna look back on it it's deleted
crashing is not worth watching  basically quality was ignored because a bunch of comedians wanted to talk about themselves
pr 9 nkjv the light of the righteous rejoices  but the lamp of the wicked will be put out
i think green looks even better on a wet &amp; cloudy day
a dad just walked onto the subway with a bby strapped to his front and a big flowery bag on his shoulder and i just   imagine ssk
just found out another ug from the lab (also really terrific) got into her grad school of choice  yay!
justin bieber should be a ring side anoucer conor mcgregor should get percent floyd mayweather
the preacger curl is one of the best ways to develop your biceps  having th elbows onto the pads
nice visual  i only wish handgun manufacturers would incorporate a trigger lock into the complimentary dog whi
f f f is the bomb  that song describes me  literally  thanks for makin' that lit song!
brussels blasts multiple elosions at  soft targets  subscribe to france now
found a transponder snail!whitebeard and luffy working together to save ace?
you never fail to amaze me with your courtesy and willingness to help people  i love you endlessly  mind following me?  76 924
is this how st louis city got in this prop &amp;2 mess and a bigger stadium location
bitch they gave us an extra burrito &amp; a large fry (when we ordered/paid for) a medium
i'm catching up on supergirl and damn  what the hell  there are so many grownup lesbians in there  can or make an appearance in my life?
us_business  entrepreneurship a toy for toddlers doubles as code bootcamp - nytimes
but i'm not from here been to paris  it stunk like shit  sewage  and cigarettes everywhe
as always love your work and glad to see you sitting down again  looks far more relaxed
if targeting port 63% of children will sleep hungry
cat ownership rise driven by men  survey suggests
also wish people were down to take day trips to these places around the us   sleep in the car  and dip back out    crazy
a fun open house and grand opening this past week!
jabari  ryann and jaylin made themselves a couple outfits
found a transponder snail!ace and luffy form an unbreakable wall in battle!
you are trying a new approach to doing your chores today  you     more for leo
nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you    more for sagittarius
house intelligence committee chairman devin nunes recuses himself from russia probe
grandpa  what are you guys gonna do in dauphin  terron  idk just drive around
lame as hell don't send me no kissy faces and you have a whole entire girlfriend bc i will take it there
says he had only minutes to interview gwen &amp; celine on the
kanu s proposed secret trial justice nyako should not allow unconstitutional secret trial
you are the sweetest person i've ever met  thank you so much for making me the happiest human  mind following me?
what if i told you that when the information you receive is so overwhelming you can no longer think clearly    your
total joke no matt beca or scott pitt for forward of the year guessing not wanting pay for extra ppl at the pofw
the latest the the right side daily! thanks to
i make rope ladders for gyms personal fitness or other uses you can put them to!
but if we permit cultural miscegenation  we ll never be pure againhow the melting pot became
worldbackupday has come and gone but percent of small businesses are not still not prepared for data loss if
i know but don't want to get my eectations up  was eecting something big today
re recent sn lastpass discussion  the flaw was more cos of a dom quirk rather than js being a sloppy language
policy is the direct path to scale
good morning everyone i hope your week is going as planned so fare if not hang in there tomorrow is friday
sans my hockey podcasts since i know you're not interested
you are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your    more for cancer
you are the last person in the world who should speak about spying! your dirty name will be written
i am still keeping it real for efe  the winner of
guess everyone against djt is blaming tillerson for the chemical outrage in syria! russia is critical figured they had a hand in it!
shame me  in my town i don't have so much way even bridge 's baby  if i want to i need to go to bkk
high wind warning in effect from am to pm edt saturday    the national weather service in taunton has is
hope police will now be out the in the streets fighting crime and not tripping over each other at police stations
when you talk dirty to him and he whispers back  married sex is the best sex
evaluate problem solving and negotiation strategies to resolve education-based conflict
your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you    more for gemini
**pick adam up** hello my son  *kiss his cheek**lay him down to change his diaper** stop fussing little man  *chuckle*
identify the steps in your systems that are causing problems
i'm laughing at these clown ass celtic fans  this game will hopefully wake them up
get your act together and try to dominate the narrative for a change  how about a clear stance agains
i haven't seen anything other than clips and then read a bunch of reviews from black people about why they hated it
sometimes you have to stop living in fantasy and learn to be thankful for what you have  not what you want to have
any chance of character sheets from jaws on dicetalk? hoping to gm it with some friends soon
i wonder why they stopped making new episodes of the cartooon show 'chop socky chooks'  i loved that show
excited to host and sponsor tonight at invest + employ + indigenous  to donate
don't say it unless you mean it and if you meant it  be ready to prove it
rajakumara all songs is super &amp; super making super story all the best rajakumara team
the model strikes again   pitch (just for fun   this isn't certified by recaro!)
that's pretty typical man  same with football  hate the ducks more than they like the beavers
what a glorious start to a weekend  can't believe the sun is shining for the st day of outdoor training for junior
this british artist created edible chocolate anuses   and they re selling like hot cakes
home secretary amber rudd mp grant police widows pensions for life - don't make them choose betwee    via
begins today!!are you ready for what god has in store for you? do you need that giant knocked
[link] acrylic glitter nail art powder glue file french uv gel tips kit
top rappers all time (not up for discussion)  ) bow wow  ) chingy  ) gorilla zoe  ) jizzal man ( dem franchize boyz)  ) petey pablo
fake news claim worked in election it is not going to work here  and a small amount of your supporters are still buying it
i'm trying not to post a ton of political stuff anymore  my friend suggested to me that the
for following me - i hope you find an 's tweets interesting! via
they pressed they pressed they pressed but the result was always same  the receipt shown vote for bjp
although you're a natural when it comes to keeping busy  somet    more for gemini
thanks for recognizing the importance of physicians today! thanks to doctors everywhere
you people are seriousley the best  these conversations always put a big grin on my face
ok fans we tried a few samples of some new hoodies   we have (1) small (2) medium and (1) xl in
i think her exact words were 'you know  it iz not ok to carry your passport in your mouth'
eed couldn't program voice lines for the ps3 and vita versions and falcom wouldn't  but pc has more freedom for that
it's interesting that you would suggest that is a has been  odd thing for a never was
it's that time again! wednesday means new comics! lots of goodness in this week!
thank you   your genius is appreciated as is the genius of the cast of tonight in sf  amazing
i've had lots credit  etc probs b/c flat previously occupied by ppl ranging up traffic fines  unpaid bills etc &amp; we don't share name or dob
the ancient greeks believed that the amethyst protected them from becoming drunk
but i dont necessarily care for jewelry right now either cuz fuck wearing it  one day ill be designing it
buku fav gw the signature of all things
there's no deadlock just a need by the to agree implementation of already agreed issues
i liked a video from let's play sims bowling night | bowling with friends |
do not allow your dreams to remain just dreams  mt  pinatubo  check! mount
meeting tomorrow to discuss the potential possibilities of hmm hopefully it will fun
stunning porsche carrera gts in for a swissvax protection detail  looks amazing in white
okay but when harry goes on the late late show can he and james please do a riff-off?? i need that in my life omg
can i ever just live   every time i do something  damn u bougie  you this    you just tryna- bitch can i live
for some reason whenever i type something in chat it shows up twice! just wanted to let you know man
i apologize to all final four visitors for the driving habits in my state  i hope you all were able to handle the d
brushing too vigorously can actually damage tooth enamel  which leads to tooth decay
wendy  wendy  wendy  if you are going to go crazy on sweets  do it with tate's cookies or see's candies for heaven's sake!
derek  i have given you a few sharp nudges on here  all round though i think you're a good man and w
end the irs (keep our money)  make our food good again  bring back real medicine (not drugs)  stop the blm from taking our land  etc  maga
there's scope for research into occupations in outpatients waiting rooms  such restricted spaces  (choc has hit my system  in flow)
splitting class by ethnicity is insane!!! cant believe this  but at the same time i can believe it     disgusting
to prove the human rights crackdown in bahrain  created   now used globally esp  in mexico
success story from analysis to data scientist  believe in yourself to    by via
ohio governor john kasich cracks down on opioid prescriptions
soo for the colab release guysss!!
discomfort rules our limbic brain   beware your context!
xenophobia nigeria protests over attacks of citizens in s/africa
not to rain on your parade but what he's fighting doesn't have anything to do with our freedoms
we've partnered w/   &amp; on ! if you're a victim or witness  call -2
a meerkat in its natural environment happy april fools day
the difference between impossible and possible lies in a person's determination   -tommy lasorda
yes  spreadsheets! this is how i keep track of agents/agencies/submission guidelines/queries/rejections/etc
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
rectangular label on silver foil w/blue lines x1 5
google offers digital skills across africa
revealed the th queen  and we couldn't be more thrilled!
wonder how mark webber would feel only being remembered as the really tall bloke that partnered sebastian vettel
you might wish a friend or partner would lighten up a little t    more for scorpio
when eastcoastfox stops by the office and creates magic small girls pr hq
forming eternal families allows us through the atonement to fulfill god's plan for our exaltation
it works like any other bitcoin hot wallet  so treat it as you would the wallet that's in your pocket or purse
going to be interesting as shit to watch it unfold and i hope i'm on the correct side of ledger
i need to be contacted by someone who can actually fix problems with your service before i leave this company
i'm thankful that i have you and in my life  you guys make me smile /7ily guys
there s a global database of &amp; they are shrinking ~ via
always amazing to hear our song  unfound  on localmotion  tune in to hear it  is hosting
found a transponder snail!candid pics from the alubarna palace baths!
i'm tryna get drunk this weekend so if my friends could come over and drink w me that'd be great alright thanks  just hmu  all of you
there's always when having withdrawals!
many thanks! it is humbling and an honor to be a voice  of only states left!
nikki haley denounces assad  russia  and iran at u n  after defending u s  airstrikes
this woman inspires me every single day and i'm so happy for her success
readersgazette electric the beginning  book  carlycompass whe
/2   working hours if the beneficiary does not receive value for this transaction thank you for banking with us
you're not interested in pursuing stale goals; you need to hav    more for aquarius
maybe she should resign and go back to her privileged private life  save us all a lot of money to u
she was stuck on the choice to kick the can over  or pull him out  canvas placed her hooves at his si
that was the most patronising thing i've ever heard about young people and propaganda  what about old people and the mail?!
the fluid life of film is what continues to keep me inspired and passionate about it  how films change shape over time is simply amazing
of course  but he speaks truth to power  lady destiny will protect him
do your homework  enlighten yourself
this is the only service to find pokemon in your area in real time on google maps -
i'm sorry for bigbang;;;;;; e will have comeback soon  i also want snsd comeback;;;
really need the help of the public to let us know when they see something that doesn't feel right  please help us t
federal judge delivers embarrassing blow to trump   upholds obama law via report
paint a perfect picture bring to life a vision in one's mind  the beautiful ones always smash the picture  always    every time
top story gchq boss 'we get crazy theories thrown at us every day' - bbc news   see more
hi   why are you still running a peak rush hour train down the bexleyheath line with just coaches? not a one-off  every day!
mowgli is really laying in the middle of my bed and meowed at me when i moved her so i'm sleeping sideways
i have to admit  over yrs i got sick of whining because they were losers  and now  i am gleeful that it's the doing it
heat  -1 ! riss ahead of gomolski who gated  masters third  lions
i liked a video morteza mehrzad | m cm the tallest volleyball player in the world | paralympic
dog cat traction rope necklace pet leash retractable dog collar chain collar
dunno about you  but this struck me as an interesting snippet from the latest report
corporate personhood--heartless entities literally without a soul ruled by profit margins--no democracy there  and we made one potus!
st lebesians 9 thou shalt gather together a multitude of eggs and paint them in a fashion what pleases the lord almighty
uh oh! i see the chemistry between charity and jabari! charity in church tryin to back it up on him!
betsy devos thinks choosing a school should be like taking an uber vs  lyft
your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day  and you may    more for sagittarius
i'm pretty annoyed that my professor sent her daughter to teach class today  for the second time this semester
more permanent workers at omax autos  dharuhera  sacked last week  taking total permanent workers sacked to
i don't know who they are or what any of this means but it sounds like a good thing  congratulations!

two men shot  critically wounded in auburn gresham
we all love ourselves more than we love other people  but care more about their opinions than our own  marcus aurelius why is that?
i just wanna say fuck you til i fuck you again  i think ive had enough of you but i dont wanna lose a friend
-- prodipto roy of talks about the role of foundations to promote industrial ee
tell to hold its line - the fake repeal is still discrimination against &amp; people
the latest charity walk news! thanks to
hey sergey mozhzhukhin ! thank you for the follow  glad to have you here  and hope to make it worth your time  che
enough to turn any girl's head  (but only towards the divorce court)
i signed petition to support sign here to be eligible to play d game on april
this is awesome  thanks for making a difference! strangers surprise popeyes employee with nursing school tuition
ty jan and all! have a super fun weekend!
your dance moves on though  your songs are all hella dope even music videos also
so  an excellent start to the new under team  just a few short hours and quite a lot covered  cheers
wow soundcloud this is a new level from you  which genius on your team came up with this one? the ones not really trying?
it is health that is real wealth not the pieces of gold and silver
it's   see what kind of season eects from the
my absolute favorite story  from his memoir  rip  bullethead
actually  yes  the epa changes reduces programs that protect children from lead
hes just sitting there in it  working  like nothing is different
sweety tits  for strong man! by -
will make his way to on saturday june ! and go to
met them     lord boyce also told the inquiry that the uk military  had hoped dfid would be showing up in force  to work
yes it is true  where's ur proof that there aren'tmillions of illegal voters in
interesting readout from on european and america perceptions on transatlantic issues
jets nfl draft reset quarterback still missing moving full speed ahead to
bryan price anticipates raisel iglesias will be ready for opening day  says he's scheduled to pitch an inning tonight or tomorrow
you're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a    more for leo
i mean so did the first season a little bit  im sure its really good aaahthe trailer looks like it foll
i liked a video from lego worlds | skeletons  bulldozers and epic car stunts!
when you really look at something you never paid attention to before and then ur mind tells you ' it's a new trigger' and then ur screwed
they did not engage in a campaign like this ever  again  resea
but straight bm always wondering we cant stand them  bc of this shit we constantly face dealing with them!
good morning everyone  here's a little bit of what i got up to in march i hope you all have a wonderful
great weekend of including big sa derbies on saturday   live on supersport
i believe in god  i'm not  religious  tho  idk i have a problem with churches and most of the  standard christian v
i question it too but i assume that they want to specify since straight men do gay porn too? i really don't know?
i recommend posting in minority-focused tech groups and call for speakers there
hi shikhar good to hear
and my heart is breaking just for you  just for you  and my arms are open just for you  just for you
/04/17 - early showers  then largely dry with spells of sunshine  max c wind sw mph chance of precip % min c
next week's your will be in the shops wednesday afternoon th april
this is a submission to save america from being a nation at risk to a nation of opportunities  one recommendat
melody taller than a motherfucker  she puffed her chest up and looked down on ol girl
keep your followers engaged  share quality content  even while you are away from twitter
we were really big   palm desert  well  our name was  thnx to the superb staff! great audience!
it used  heck yes  and incorrectly  it's  as a possessive  so i want nothing to do with it  also  tumblr nose
gorgeous bride with shimmery eyes bridal makeup by bhaavya kapur hurry up! now become a professional
was it a weird bid at a denial when hillary answered questions about erasing the server saying  with a cloth?
i'm wild when i'm single  yes  but if i like you enough to be exclusive i'm a damn good fucking girlfriend  like i will do anything for you
crush status eachh tieme i saaw u   i stoop breathien a sec! read more -
baby's all goodmoving somewhere in the west indies darion is doing just as fine the whole family is full all thanks to god
a woman is the full circle  within her is the power to create  nurture and transform   ~ diane mariechild
when your last name is szpak and everyone feels the need to make some correlation to a series of science fiction fi
report clarence thomas on track to become longest-serving justice on supreme court
i met this fan last night names clark who has terminal cancer and he is touring with the chris robinson brotherhood i love that
our prayers are with the govt and people of   so many families affected by the tragic mudslide in on saturday
thanks a lot for the follow and the love man!!! lil wayne your music has always been inspiring!!!!
cricket wednesday &amp; - wednesday b/c grade full fudge beat nulec (163 - )
do not buy any needy product from amazon or else will face excuse for non delivery of needy product which is required on urgently
if the ppl who are less fun  less attractive  less outgoing  and less loyal than me got a man  why can't i ?
fashion fa ( )n/ noun noun fashion; plural noun fashions a popular or the latest style of clothing  hair  decoration  or behaviour
hi katherine  we're sorry to hear this  are you still available on the previously provided contact details?
errors will mean that chan will go behind jin but ahead of chen - canada's rd spot still intact
also the two so called analyst quoted i the article are point wrong  cr is all indian figure not just kerala
the vampire was thirsty for the first time in a while  filthy human blood didn't seem to satisfy her burning desire  she needed the blood &gt;&gt;
no  but i'll bet he's showing all his friends that he successfully got you to bite when he trolled you
sena mp ravindra gaikwad makes attempts to fly in days  but airlines keep him grounded
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
duke climate coalition calls for university to take action against climate change in rally friday - duke chronicle
robbie savage's best a side team of players he has played with is the worst i've seen  friedel  samba  tugay  dugarry and bellamy
win a trip to san diego for two attending the san diego film festival with -
oneparame feeling  blue  isn t always a bad thing
me and my son at are canyon country park can hear all the sirens that place is gang infested needs to be c
i have new followers from usa  brazil  and more last week  see
and also  did you know lincoln was a republican? most people don't know that
moves  31 17 tomorrow night $10 ph
bob hosts and facilitates the ixia emea partner summit in rome
the one day we don't play ball over spring break me and my girls decided to go for a hike
got this medal from dr a q khan for his services for muslims in burma and syria
what's it like to be a superstar whose world is falling apart? cowboy
honored to win the excellence in engineering award mar champs  thank you
yes! pssa ela testing begins tomorrow  get out and play  rest  and eat well so you're ready to show what you know!
def see that  not sure where the balance is  think folks should be able to protect selves/marriage  but
one person followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
matt mernagh &amp; tracy curley are the hosts for this dedication to well known activist dave easterbrook  aka  guppy
facebook is investing heavily in improving its data capabilities
pleased to say that we're in and operational at our new office! thanks for fast assistance with networking
i want to make more in a series of these but i can't get the rabbit bases anywhere  hey  help a girl out
new jersey teen gets accepted by all ivy league schools by via
i love the amazing feeling of hitting a break through with a really difficult client without asking for help
guess where before we are there  the lad and i are on a road trip today  if you can guess where we are going
now playing   outer space [taken from klash dime pieces]
seems to perpetuate and in a way condone date-rape culture too
yes i went to your store and because apparently i'm plus sized the same dress on sale for $25 is raise to $99 how is that fair
god give you more love beautiful girl!! happy birthday  we love you
our greatest glory is  not in never falling  but in rising every time we fall  ancient proverb
growth tactic  how to create urgency-use instagram stories  read blog
trust me  the art world is even worse than the banking world for misinformation and self aggrandisement
great morning talking character with demetric evans  ged kates and mark villines at the mavericks training facility
senator chuck schumer is fighting the good fight  just called for another roll call vote
working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate scorpios    more for scorpio
omg! you have to see this  &gt; star n share
my sister tried to watch split  a horror movie starring james mcavoy  but instead accidentally watched a romcom about bowling called split
just did story about s carolina men's team in final and didn't mention the women's team is in it  too!
the might miss the usual september launch because of production delays  according to a report
sounds like spicey had a hand in writing his statement  it's just missing placing blame on obama
then trump was rt about voter fraud! illegal russian dog immigrants
this team reminds me of the -91 braves  recruit from the farm  trade for young talent  key
ok you
to acknowledge that there exist different analyses and life eeriences about these matters  and to listen careful
check out caerphilly rapping and singing this morning - listen carefully for the solo performers!
i swear the reaction of most dems to bernie's mild hot sauce version of socialism reminds me of star wars character
made it thru my dvr queue  the peter marino interview  always had a soft spot for
april s full moon  the full pink moon  heralds the appearance of the moss pink  or wild ground
im just testing out my 001% chance of you following me   hope you notice me   i love you so much
style tools art gems pencil pen pcs nail art crystal pick up
wow nice retort  putin lover  anything minorities say = whine  kill all fags  right?
what are you looking for your primer to do? i love smashbox's primer water becaus
no more true love in this st century so you guys should stop wasting your time  just do what you can do and move on
why do guys keep commenting abortion like they have anything to do with it lmao
the / suffering victim? or destructive a? which is the real alcoholic/addictive personality?
what amount of time facebook phone number group will take to understand my questions? -844-746-2972
rare to see thornwell lose fight for ball  play so lackadaisical  especially on this stage  still sick?
adobe mostra editor de selfies com machine learning e intelig?ncia artificial
potus lives rent free in the angry heads of twitting twats
have you heard  ave verum -   and steve beck on ?
know where to go foreigner-friendly neighborhoods around the world
i'm also not accusing  i'm say
match day! travels to st  louis to face   good luck owls!
now s a good time to scatter slug pellets thinly around vulnerable plants such as seedlings and young shoots
hello god  the universe  higher power  pls bless me with this storm so i won't have to leave my house today so i can catch up on sleepty
good afternoon guys  just got an update from captain tj at san nic island  he said fishing was excellent  and
a1 education allows thinking by yourself &amp; your own opinion  but ? forces you to accept something w/o having ur own thoughts
will you be placing a bet in tomorrow's grand national? animal rights activists are asking you to think twice  what
beware the 'nanny tax' - the irs is cracking down on wage taxes for more than just nannies  and no one is immun
reality-what people call the president doesn't matter  obama proved this w/ the  birthing  ridiculousness  let inve
don't get into a relationship if you're not going to value the other person you're just wasting their time
it appears north korea is back on that bullshit  not my problem  i'm going to nap   - rex tillerson
in my day we climbed w/ scissors &amp; rode bikes w/o helmets  and i turned out fine  really  fine!
it's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu    more for aquarius
found a transponder snail! shots of those spooky guys at thriller bark!
the great yohane is upset    this season has driven away my demons    and- achoo!  she sneezes!  given me sickness
learning spanish will add emotion to elderly people s lives
spring into change with april's edition of pebbles  enjoy and spread the word!
yes he did  as waiters tend to do  and she said that she had no issues w the waiter  none  zip  nada
successful travel advice that won't leave you stranded if you are preparing for business
dave roberts believes have opportunity to rebuff 'narrative' of not being able to hit left-handed pitching
linkin park guitarist actually  our new album has a lot of guitar | music news
who in the blue hell is calling for commercials during a title match at ?!? what the actual fu% ?!
hmm if it is something petty  avoiding it is showing maturity  but if it will cause s
back in the region  trump s peace envoy meets with abbas again via
he works for cisco co working to make jaipur safe for tourist n its shame that he has been asked for bribe to get his ltp back
why do politicians only start bombing airfields after the chemical weapons attack  do it beforehand  selfish &gt;
finally trying to finish college   ashamed w/no idea where to begin
there's a britney spears live concert in vegas where nick jonas stands kt paling depan skali   nick jonas dgn muka blur nya   i wanna die!
thanks  yoni! more to come  hoping to draw even non-sox fans and people who didn't eerience  long hot summer / summer of love  firsthand
gotta love the sound of katie in the background of every  one  of  my  videos
big dog mafia a0 canvas street art graffiti banksy cigar pop art oil painting
let's change  black man  to his name  timothy caughman  and  army veteran  to racist/white supremacist
i can't say i blame owens  honestly  i'd be pretty pissed too if only the tip of my finger got put on the list
of course winning matters  but it s a myriad of factors  if it was as cut
i love my vegetables but really  stop trying to make cauliflower a meat substitute  people! it's never going to hap
it's gonna be best commentary eerience
learn the routine i'm out sat night for my birthday so i insist it be good! haha
kudos for smugness here    but you seem to be falling short in the evil-laugh department
lemon refuses to report on susan rice unmasking we won't 'aid &amp; abet' a diversion by via
some more scenes from another great year at vision e east
we think our cash cow is beautiful do you love cash cows?? pls retweet
+and why do you care so much about this  don't get me wrong but i don't think being loyal to your fandom is more important than your mental+
don't talk to me about wishing it was friday this friday = vat returns  a trip to the dentist &amp; doing an overnight at the outlaws
i tried to meet you in new hampshire years ago so let's finally meet! come to new england
starbucks pushes 'craft' credentials with cold coffee focus - marketing week
erotica short stories  each one describing a unique scenario of pleasure  passion  desire  &amp; deceit
asked about some numbers they were claiming for bank fees which don t match reality  they stop responding to my emails  solid
my question has been about parents who have to give permission for the under-18s
fox might pull some networks off-air this weekend due to contract dispute
west indies had never chased total of or more before another achievement by pakistani bowlers
check out this new post from fashion trends to ditch this spring
'banksy of punctuation' puts full stop to bad grammar in bristol - the guardian
you're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy      more for cancer
the diversity responsibility colleges face following the election
the american people must take some of the blame for the fiasco in the wh  they voted f
syria strike was merely symbolic  sinjar had clear practical objectives from the outset  comparing the two is absurd
thanks     i arrived the same day i was scheduled for    and didn't have to stay in a hotel  unlike with
i bet i could predict the cover features for the june issue of w/ -90% accuracy  that's what i will miss about
czech delegation at   if you are in liverpool  let us know if you wanna meet and discuss green cooperati
i feel that webmd enables hypochondria while ed institute offers enlightenment &amp; freedom from social stigma
wiederrecht comes through with two outs! knocks rbi double to the fence in left center to push lead to -4  top th
thank you dwight! not only is my door always open but you'll hear us working from afar
agree with u can't live in the past  the present is here  the future ain't promised to anyone
maybe the liberals can shu
nite tie-down roping leader aaron miller w/
me two years ago i don't give a fuck about pronouns me today i do my best to get them right but i mess up a lot i'm sorry ;;
good one george    but a tv camera  and you sitting on the sofa might have impressed more    lol
love this! amazing ideas to get some everyday adventures in to our busy lives (&amp; it features the fab )
sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re    more for taurus
and then i ramaphosa'd all my gold bars and buffaloes into gupta jet &amp; fokked off to
join us tonight between -10pm using on all your tweets please  lets be seen tonight and we thank you for helping  corrie

watches the ball fly past him as its knocked up to lukaku then gets asked to feet off scraps
i am not quite sure as to who left a little gift in my doorstep  but i appreciate it endlessly  thank you so very much for this gestasadsfdf
but my pt is you're abusing a word as to cover a great many things most non-neoliberals could support  like ch reforms
great to read that the cameroon coach was googling for cameroonian footballers and ended up winning the afcon!
started on /04/2017 reached its destination hwh and was mins late
listening to play  beautiful  by on their android app -
china take lead on climate after trump s move undo policies &gt; job losses in usa due u

[variety]    walking dead  showrunner teases season   beginning of civilization is at stake
ivanka trump interview  if being complicit is wanting to be a force for good     then i'm complicit
in pretoria this weekend? come  join us at belly blessings maternity market  bring the whole family for a fun fille
images showcase the best wedding photography from around the world via
i've entered to a the world's cutest animal colouring book from with
latest java jobs in new york  ny  london posted on thursday th of march
kinx - super-res reflectivity tilt 21 pm cdt super-res velocity tilt 22 pm cdt
swipe left  i'm working over here bringing rbe culture &amp; luv back into the show game
sunday was hard for our boys  they had to fight through running and decision making  the
trafficking in domestic work in greece a demand-side  european commission  european policy brief (demandat)   https//
is dark matter hiding a mirror world? |     -
someone needs to pull mcmanaman's head out of man city's ass  the city gk unit couldn't catch a cold between them
nybooksrt nathanthrall an exceptional piece on an exceptional critic  christopher carroll on virgil thomson in th
big pharma and animal ag  industries  they want you to think eggs are healthy  when in fact they are ir
well angela    they are going to go with the boobies! hope to see fight soon!
maldives ready to host international travel trade show ttm
what substance to the claims?  evidence  of occasionally speaking to
nothing is holding back your imagination now  freeing you to e    more for aquarius
php and mysql shopping cart tutorial - using sessions to store cart data via
when you catch the universe pants down  i mean when you actually see the hands of god you just start laughing  no secrets baby
in fairness to he qualified his comment after a moment r
growth story of edmdesigner amd groove's (case study with actionable tips and tricks)
taking careers classes can improve students  chances of finding graduate employment via
hi  can you play by and please? thank you!
leicester fc rising up the league  almost from the dead  resurrection  u might say  shakespeare's got it right  richard found in carpark
nhs recruits must be given special status after   mps urge ?
it's been a lovely to be in the room seeing ellie (and all the other characters) coming to life! can't wait to see
guys who can sing  guys with good personalities  food  baby animals  social media  no self confidence  always hating on self
this one's going to come down to who wants it more  me  yeah  on opposite day  *high fives stranger* *fouls them i guess*
why are 'protected'? she's clearly using it in her official capacity
too mix up in drama to go outsidetoo mix up in drama to free my mind jealous people around me  i need to change my life
wind km/h w  barometer hpa  falling slowly  temperature  c  rain today mm  humidity %
in the shroud of the eternal heavenlies god's eternal redemptive clock
throw the balls with lolo jones and trt on some island and tell those attention seeking kooks to go away
the fire of god doesn't come with degrees or diplomas; it comes by hiding away in the secret place -leonard ravenhill
if he was so concerned for babies the $45 million he' s wasted on golf would have been nice for americas c
everything here is too pretty to eat  soy yogurt flapjack with pomegranate and crushed
vessel lm victoria at port san lorenzo eected to move k mt of   where to?
granada hills' despinos leads daily news all-area
you might want to wait a little bit  just saying that housing rates are super high right now  also  that's a great goal
ben affleck says playing batman 'very intimidating'; will jennifer garner
egyptian president sisi thanks trump for alliance against  satanic ideology  of terrorism - breitbart
thanks sooo much  in appreciation  let me share this with you  it's both entertainin
research argues  formidable  continues to close gap on
found a transponder snail!oars comes back as a henchman of moria?!
hey boys check
to bad her boobs look the same before and after this bra does nothing for her !
you heyme whileyou're at the maple syrup festival i'min school grinding and definitely not bitterabout it
another win in overwatch pit  this time -1  small slip up on hollywood defense in overtime twice   ggs dignitas!
'feet forward tears behind~clinging longing clearing my mind   ' hope
if in pain only jesus helps uc matt 18 the whole chap john &amp; give much fruit sharing jesus everyone u c!!!
some people are never happy! neilson has done the job we needed him to do from the off  now he can build fo
now hiring performance manager | alliance residential company washington dc |
it's an all-too-familiar lesson for you archers more of a goo    more for sagittarius
ufo sighting on right hip  has been there for about years and is presumed to be be nein
holding down the fort with one more match to go
i have matured  i still am  i realize not just communicating my issues with you was a mistake  but also thank you you have stuck with me
snapchat takeover equipment manager nick sagraves is giving us a behind-the-scenes look during our road t
i was once on the player/org side  i left it for several good reasons  i agree with you th

u can punish fair on shield dtilt based on distance and bad diddys make side b and rolling obvious
your average person doesn't give a fuck about that shit  and find it just as funny as any other special  protip grow balls
nunez said he wasn't in the wh  he met with intelligence people in another building dems throw acommotio
i hope efe winning won't be giving to tboss hmmmm ojoro is going on here
is this love? when someone call u and talking to u for hour  and after end the convrstn you feel like everythng going wrng  u feel empty
it's an all-too-familiar lesson for you archers more of a goo    more for sagittarius
the latest stephanie thomas' daily gossip! thanks to
throwing more characters pointlessly into the ether  what does success look like for you? do you have a goal?
dear lord  when james goes to vegas can he hit for like a couple million  come back &amp; split it witcha girl  promise i'll give back
wind mph nw  barometer hpa  falling  temperature  c  rain today mm  humidity %
all the muslim kashmiris we see / hear  omar / shabnam lone etc spew the autonomy / separatist line and so vilified
there's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si    more for capricorn
if you're new and on orientation  don't open up the doors on my truck and start pummeling me with questions  it's too early for that shit
is looking for boats in distress while our guests are taking a good rest  the journey is still long  but
caf president ahmad to review tv deal and afcon timing
why external review? even if you believe that your school is  great   do you know how it could be even greater? jan
this is crazy ! bombing without any proof ! he is doing the opposite of what he was elected
to my beautiful nahla  i've loved as much as i have loved any human  you were there for me
thank you cardinal collins and for a beautiful eerience of tonite
colombia landslide kills on city outskirts  scores injured by via
thanks so much queen i wish u so many blessing my angel v a
daily d20 roll oh the fateful and dreaded ! good thing it isn t a friday or this day could really go awry!
my dog literally got out of my backyard  and got hit by a car  they didn't even fucking stop  who the fuck does that
i'm listening to  beez in the trap (feat  chainz)  by on
there aren't more entertaining things in wrestling than brock lesnar suplexing the shit outta people
i added a video to a playlist mtg esper spirits versus naya mentor (modern)
word on the street is that you didn't have any friends in high school so you must have ran into your imaginary friend?
final fantasy viii (sony playstation   ) disc only silver face disc
but he still with the shits so he started smoking and drinking (bad combo) probably looking like
this is that savage moment when supporters realize what they have done to themselves and their country /2
check out bowman platinum ruby red sp clayton kershaw los angeles dodgers via
my friends are so mean they wanna tell our friend to meet us at a bar tomorrow then not show up and call her saying april fools jcjdjdhd
gun-toting and baby carrying mother starts a safety class  by chris din  watch videos at
we are at a friend's yr olds bday party  it's pajama and pancakes  i am frequenting the breakfast bar  i like this party    a lot
get sunflower sweets serum  it's a miracle  like it's make wrinkles in my forehead less noticeable and-
your support for a xenophobic  traitor says so much about you  think about it
lovely impromptu visit to hove museum aka fantastic illustration exhibition on stories &amp;  the sec
american cities have been designed around the car  if the car changes  the way cities are used could change too
same will happen to eden if he plays for bayern barca or real y are u not admitting that fact
this godddamn fucking asshole  how the fuck dare he try to do this shit for publicity
break out the golf clubs and hit the links  maybe i'll see you playing on the senior tour some day!
yum!!!! afternoon golf and injectable donuts!
for emts  others doesn't end when the shift does
photos no  mountain vista boys lacrosse stays hot with win over chaparral
so utterly disgusting that we fund a terrorist torture center for children and the unborn and the silenced - defund
after you clear the driveway relax with a book
a nasa study found that while a -minute nap might not make you feel physically better  it still boosts cognitive performance
retweet if you're rooting for gonzaga in the !
global warming could make flying even more awful than it is today
huawei s honor wants you to test out its latest hardware and software
the church has a lot of influence in this state  if they really wanted to help the homeless it would happen! people follow
and as they stayed at mar a lago i can claim from you sad tax payers   more profit for trump business   that's why
a  sex offenders stick together  they have a secret handshake  b  why not he gets away with
at the current rate of support within labour supporters  corbyn will have to campaign for the next years and sti
im not saying mbbs are lazy if that's what you think  im just talking about other people blaming other m
can this finally be the year when we all agree to stop giving a fuck about game of thrones  for the love of god i am begging
i know god is suppose to give his toughest soldiers is hardest battles but i have been through enough i can't take another battle
fans safety authorities are aware of problems at watford fc &amp; have asked the club for a response  those dela
first impressions of my new metal platinum card it's heavy  it also feels and looks premium  i like it  kudos
scandal' abby whelan should have known better (spoiler alert please do    via
it all begins on thursday night  pick out that perfect blue shirt 'cause friday is wear blue day-in support of chil
john 29 then jesus told him   because you have seen me  you have believed; blessed are those who have not
the fun must come to an end had a blast i love and miss you so much kirsten marie and mackenzie pelham
thank goodness it's just a min pre-show like it usually is  had read somewhere it'd go an hour  i can squeeze in some more people
i'm really sorry andy  but the time for satire like yours  for now  has passed  water between you and fake news is too muddy
we're being personally victimized by the swimwear industry for not having small titties &amp; im over it
exercise never got this heart-pacing and fun!!!
follow our coffee van this weekend   serving you free coffees  bottles of water and lollipops  visit us at any of
read an article today they were never taught fundamentals  well  now they are and they are talented  it'll
nope  she's not potus  so i don't want to hear about her
my answer to does a lord of the th house in the th house mean a wealthy spouse or luck shine after marriage?
an intense rehearsal weekend in berlin birthed the purity sock  first outing of on th may!
kingdom &amp; reign got locked up at magic mountain for felony excessive cuteness!!
took a break from work tonight so my bf wouldn't feel neglected  lol he's sleep now! back to the coin
when people are in pain having the worst day of their lives i sometimes strap them to a bo
do you know that the lightest portable in the world ideal for home use
this one group gets percent of high-skilled foreign worker visas and trump promises to go after them
i so did not see that coming  gosh dang  plz let hilltop  kingdom &amp; the forest women arrive like heroes and wreck negan
and how the tweet was funny cause the money he made  and it said the players got hats and shirts
rep disagrees  as agf says dss  nsa  nafdac have joined loot recovery drive --
nah  dont have a charger for it and iphone chargers are mad eenisve man  so if i want to charge it i hav
rhonklinikum ag rhk pharmaceuticals healthcare deals and alliances profile updated prices from usd $250
weekend ahead;  malt shovel reserves vs  cliffe fc reserves | pm ko denison road  cliffe fc sunday vs
hard to believe how many of them didn't know their insurance was 'obamacare'  dont they watch anything but fox?
is it me or is everything celebrated too much nowadays  used to be births  birthdays  christmas and that was pretty much it  everything now
when is this civil war going to end?   at least dead in 'toxic gas' attack in syria
me i have mins of overtime  so i'm leaving at 40universe what if you left at instead? me uh u also picke
she missed most of the set and could've not came out for the last song  sotme  but my girl came thru
found a transponder snail!a tearful farewell the going merry's last voyage
james smith chief says official state of emergency issued for flooding
hello people in     &amp; elsewhere  watch maleficent (2014) here
year were very excited doing all the different activities this afternoon  will our egg crack open tomorrow and wh
only a -year old can eat like this  unless you have so many siblings that you dont want to share
our project  co-development of place-based climate services for action (cocliserv)  jpi climate era4cs gets funded
i would never have the patience for short track racing  treat it like a demolition derby
am apreciat un videoclip pe   need for speed no limits lil wayne official update
if i had organs instead of a rattling ribcage  i would eress high amounts of sympathy  but since i dont
police launch murder investigation after death of man following belfast city centre 'altercation'
celebrating years of the haiti support group this summer in london! please share widely!
can you fix your internet  ive been without internet for hours and nothing else to do
bir videosu be endim rihanna - love on the brain (don diablo remi | official music video
don't go public by putting details on twitter  email me the details  everyone knows someone    their local msp
nice to see a left intellectual state this important point  still crickets from far too many who claim to support t
you're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy      more for cancer
tg but tg the seal on the bottle is unbroken tg are you suggesting someone put piss in my apple juice at the factory
i nominate mina atta as the best egyptian singer
attn djs &amp; radio! i'm sending out 's new single today to my radio database and would love to include yo
awesome night with the state college chapter nwtf!   attending state college nwtf hunting heritage banquet
thanks for your love! second episode was amazing!right?
but hey     we will march just to show him how we're tired of his nonsense
sunny days like this remind me of ibiza! do yourselves a favour  put this on  turn it up and enjoy the sun!
i will most gladly spend and be spent for your souls  (2 corinthians 15)  the words of a true man of god
the fact that the death threats are even being talked about will influence games in their favor going forward
the new exhibit at the art science museum is called the universe and art  and it's the visual result of the when
when u start following a bunch of accounts and then your dm's blow up with automatic crowdfire messages
treblab xr500 bluetooth headphones  best noise cancelling wireless earbuds  waterproof
sometimes think we're soul mates  other times i'm not sure  spongebob for life
dude once you reveled in your drunkiness i never respected you
hello please play  still got time  by zayn featuring partynextdoor
i dont want to stay young forever b coz if i do  i won t be having my best dream which is to grow old with you
how does a model work hard? what is so strenuous about modelling? i get the emotional stuff but otherwise what's hard? genuinely asking
the bachelor tied with country calendar in target demographic
see methodology on the pdf from google  poll was done on youtube so it's no wonder google brands fared well
sean hannity monologue on syria airstrikes  president trump message to the world
ikoyi-lekki clean-up lagos reads riot act to mammy market s stall owners
with   with   more sleeps and day
salute aps kenya  ken aka  shingo   mentally ill person was violently assaulted at murdered at south
he comes home with tea and dinner    and now it's cuddles time  i freaking love this man  sooo so much!   feeling loved
how will this work live?  i ask to myself every time i listen to the song  i like it  but the thought of an ??? staging irks me
demonstrates again why i will never subscribe to their paper  they have failed us again
i added a video to a playlist mom takes clothes off in public? (daughter's reaction) | alex jayne
how to create shorter layers with movement in the crown using a diamond section via
somewhere  in an alternative universe; scribes proclaim  evan mcmullin became president in that moment
our partners discuss the financial implications of being triggered
striving to earn your keep makes you feel good about yourself     more for aries
oh yeah!!! i'm a cereal junky!!! definitely my kind of party woo hoo!!!
tonight's csu fashion show is amazing! incredible work from our talented students is on display  well done! -tf
dan mitchell discussing gop tax plan and corporate rate reduction via
everything from your past does not belong in your present  - lolly daskal
the church that survived the apocalypse  eressig that salvation lies in faith  visualhaggard
thank you for this  i had this fear  now know i am still on the road and didn't fail &amp; happy that i'm doing what i love
give me your penis
this story made me think of &amp; our chats about technology changing over the years!
april hero of order trained by gennadi dorochenko ridden by eddie martin jr wins the louisiana derby
if the u s  wants to cut foreign aid  it appears there is somebody else ready to pick up the slack
right when i realize how sleep deprived and exhausted i am  thanks
on somebody else by rico love
no one taking away your rights  that's not the point  constantly
i have a better idea  every time assad commits an atrocity like this  we take in more refugees  we say   you just l
my apologies for the previous comment from vegas  the sketch drawing was not licensed or endorsed by or affiliates!
miss you too! super busy with the end of the semester  but we gotta catch up in a couple weeks
there's something not quite right about baseball's first game of the season taking place in a dome in florida
with pleasantness of face and personality  skin obsessed film industries doing lot of damage
his tweet is deliberately spreading misinformation under the
j best seat on qf   due to awesome luggage bin  and no neighbours  not quite a
t   u  n  a  m i  s  d  v
icymi as gets underway  we look at the science our researchers will be presenting at the conference
$400 more than what they gave back in '83! always love an exact bid!
and on my birthday no less! stayin alive a salute to the music of the bee gees-april
but one could say it is a religious belief system  because it is a belief system about religion
eh seeks volunteer patient and family advisors to share perspectives on cancer care programs and services
steven defour face fitness race to be fit for burnley's trip to middlesbrough
on  headlines from our alert desk
hi babe  songs from the album is on top in the billboard is success and excellent producer always a blessings
love the title  chief storyteller  - good for both pros &amp; supts!
stephanos got epainetos of andros to have sex with neaira's daughter and extorted him but epainetos was already having sex with neaira
a profitable franchise that uses sports to help kids teach  grow  achieve
we're sorry to learn that  the payment would've been authorised by us &amp; declined by the company  please dm us with /2
just like your living space needs to be swept and mopped regul    more for virgo
the u s  has attacked the syrian government  launching more than (cont)
ladysnowangel % off + free shipping on everything in my    ladysnowangel % off + fr
tomorrow /6 ! preregistration is required! call today or access the intake packet
come meet st  john the evangelist preschool at babies and bumps ! an educational ministry of st  john the
you have to try this rainbow veggie bake with your kids! -
she wanted to say  don't leave me   but she couldn't do it  not again  she was so tired of begging people to love her
crystal leans back on the couch  talking to herself  at least i've got you two
obama is reportedly returning to politics to take on gerrymandering   here s what that is via
so is harry just gonna drop the single and all these interviews on us at the same time and then just chill and watch us freaking out lmao
it's seriously preposterous just how centered meditation &amp; exercise have been keeping me these days
it's a week since april fools day and jo is still in rage that 'krispy kreme' aren't renaming their uk shops to 'kr
feds have a lot of cells  for the feds  one has to do % of the prison sentence  state  one does /2 of sentence
hey    i just wanted to say that your tweets always manage to improve my day! thanks for being awesome!
i know keds janice is somewhere sitting hiding somewhere with her witness protection wig on after that pepsi flop  she thought
there are those days when it's hard to put one foot in front of the other  but those are the days when champions are created  mcnally
i'm not sure how everyone can be so optimistic  we've been clueless  we ground these out last season that's why we were in top
please check out my kickstarter page! thanks so much for any feedback
good morning those at i'm sorry i didn't update but last night i wasn't feeling
artificial intelligence is helping video platforms better monetize
x led taillights lamp right+ left fit for vw jetta mk5 sedan
tweep followed (thank you!) and nobody unfollowed me in the past day  thank you
student assn quick give a rejoinder  to cover up further investigation?
daily tip if you have long hair  don't dry it out with constant shampooing  wash it every two to three days and use leave-in conditioner
so  logged in  didn't find a f00'  the help has disappeared  oh well  not surprised  it is virgin after all
i joined ipsy mainly for the cute little bags to use for art supplies but now i'm improving my makeup game
lessons of the passing year that changed me
while the others are talking    by rx labs05 now
''a woman who published war crimes was fined ! silencing ppl who long fr justice?
i liked a video from overwatch cats -  we are katsuwatch  - cinematic teaser
made my own patterned paper  making this piece one of my favourites of all time!
pant continues the lone stand! he gets a six off the last ball  /7 in overs
assessment of this month of marchroi + % nba + % football + % the month was difficult but we ended up larg
hung next to   who would of thought
yeah  but i like commenting that whenever you take a selfie  because they always look like that
ready to listen to on the software source code focus group
good grief  you can't be for real w/this comment  it's people like you who make the penn state community look bad
check out this awesome deal on aeris donut pillow use cxvr83wh to save %50
saw that piece they acted like they'd been brainwashed  then  they found themselves walking
halaf the storyline is whack now  u can predict whats coming next! its like a low budget movie usenge mtupu
microsoft xbox one s battlefield bundle gb white console in video games &amp; consoles  video game consoles | eba
drunk  sober  it doesn't matter  it's still very sexy  i should add to my collection  xx
it might feel as if others are pushing you around today  but y    more for libra
they gave us the internet and cell phones  we are indebted to them
information related to capturance and boundaries in the arena is limited to which we mean any of them in the united states and today
have you praised god today?just call these names don't stop   wonderful   counsellor   prince of peace
excited to present tomorrow at the th early stage life scince conference in boston hosted by $mrk
its funny bc people think im quiet but im just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy u later in life
scott slimroll hard roll paper towel dispenser  touchless  pull towel (10442)
is clingy af and a body language eert confirmed it
piero barone ready to go! thanks to papa gaetano and maxim !
thank you for being a part of the conference this year - i'm so glad you found it so u
this week toytec lifts is moving to our new world hq in the heart of denver  colorado  watch this page for a live
spending days visiting&ampbserving your baby in the neonatal icu  instead of gestating them  is not maternity leav
video syrian survivor to trump  thank you  mr  president!      by via
isis guys running around syria killing people  so why don't we let the refugees (syrian ppl) in? no
yups  it's kept all warm and safe under the udder till them eggs are ready  smart smart raph
the miracle can happen now  for the spirit of the lord is here  see you all on april   !
people followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
dying in prison two women's stories - sobering that we punish the punished and put at risk the vulnerable
i am also bro     volte is not provide     battery life worst        waste of money
i bet the person who emails in golf penalties hours after the fact is a truly joyous person to be around at parties
before european christians forced gender roles  native americans acknowledged genders
- the essence of intelligence is the ability to predict- to plan ahead we simulate the world - the action taken minimize the predicted cost
lenten recipe from for some wicked salmon burgers!
i always thought  daughters  such a nice song  went back after seeing this tweet and sure enough  the toxic masculi
open opener for the fellllaaasss  and this guys got the day off
is bad  the worse threat to all lives is the enduring political uncertainty in anc  like a sinking titanic  lots will go with it
skills development need to be reflected in curriculum  pedagogy  and assessment
container office  ikoyi
you question what's wrong with you  what you did wrong  what the person he's cheating with has that you don't have
let's just say i've never felt so much love before and i couldn't be happier than with my boy
does a lot of group orders for japanese e merchandise! i think she's planning on doing one for cbx too!
we love having the support of our community's students! we are the american society for
i thought to myself   yowie  my feet got dirty while i was working outside   nope  just one heck of a flip flop tan in hours
canadiensmtl plekanec is already celebrating game no  in style with a goal tonight!
twitter updates is like your mom dating a new guy  at first you may not like  it but after a while you won't care  until the next one
shenorai attempts a dc charisma (intimidation) check against a gibbering monkey  she rolls a   what happens next?
one for the grammar nerds | jokes for writers
the team was inspired by the release of   be our guest &amp; check out the worx disney playlist
dear google now  i am at my office  i do not need to leave at 22 to make a 30pm meeting that is at my office
u  discover  two weeks to life fated soulmates   by john charles via booktweeter
knew i flippin look like someone in this photo    it's iggy pop!!
despite man-made global-warming hysteria  there have been far fewer intense typhoons in recent years
i had to double-check it was her (lana) cos she looks like someone else there (but i can't think who)
phenomenal show! it's under the stars
i done threaded a thing on the months i spent working for free as a games journalist  hopefully this helps fello
congrats to the newest talented crew accepted into our and placement program
scandal has been mainly put to bed  national writers haven't really talked about it all season  i know
the journey begins this week    follow us on instagram for updates throughout the trip
hear navyfrcsw harasser + seniorleader take no act
you give the sun a reason to shine  you're so beautiful  loving  generous and kind  i love you! mind following me? 43
your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day  and you may    more for sagittarius
for real or double meaning ? for real is cool - but if double meaning  sad im not yet married
i'm a huge fan of your music! i'm going to use a quote of yours in my senior speech! how many retweets
evangeline and j j  are not looking for love  but they get hearts as trump in this winning hand
back here in the states it is still my dads birthday lol i hope you enjoy your day!
logan twp _greenwood_ station page received at 2248 on /03/17 via
yes has a reference number  said they don't have it (which we know cause we tracked it) called l
where would you like to go today? st lucia traveller series  yesteryear!
a few pictures from the hyp agm last night  a massive congratulations to the new exec team and
when you think not having years of eerience = no eerience but tweet anyway
sometimes all it takes is that one person to show you that it's okay to let your guard down  be yourself  and to love with no regrets
moisturize  tie my hair up  get that fan on full blast and close my closet and door
maybe libs should choke on this   nazi that worked for hitler  stole from jews  then led them to slau
man arrested after high-speed chase ending when car flips  hits tree and electrical box
week3day3 c25k done! honestly i would not be doing this without   i'd be thinking about
peacock charizard % (8/12/5 - air slash/overheat - snormal) til 3600(29m s)
51 temp   c  hum  %  dewp   c  bar  hpa  rain today 070 mm  wind   m/s
avenue /20 new purple floral button cotton long sleeve cardigan sweater top
top charities
dermod travis foreign donations prime the political pump in b c  via
howard you will be dining out on hillsborough until the cows come home  goodnight
topography of desirea poem by marion brook lover  i am eager to elore   xx
so then she says  listen you little punk &amp;without missing a beat i reply  oh actually my name is eric   the look on her face after that
i just put the bub to bed and am now steaming clothes  hubs had to run out for work  so much glamour for a th wedding anniversary
sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i    more for pisces
you're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi    more for gemini
looks to me like this is being done just for the sake of obstruction  no good reason for this
admonter  we are committed to environmentally responsible manufacturing
yoh i got a friend a a baby a best friend all in one time and a so that's a mouthful
that's good  bush was pres when i was in san antonio  he came to town a couple times/yr  m
i can tell it's friday by the way i'm struggling to get my revising done  actually  that's a lie  that happens any given day
i also respect the eu human rights engagement that's why im considering a country for residence that will give my protocol a carte blanche
do you struggle with staying consistent? most people do
hi zayn  thank you for inspiring me every day and for teaching me to be proud of who i am  mind follow m
promised to remain in spotlight &amp; voice his opinions on   funny how we haven't heard a peep  huh
thx bro! hopefully run into ya in phoenix tomorrow! go cocks! rt  awesome tunes bro   that's big time
is over this is the best ending i ever seen  amazing  soulful  series   thanks for this masterpiece!
we bring you one-of-a-kind  international multi-day game of thrones tour of iceland  n  ireland  malta and croatia
jessie james decker teases return to reality tv after years why she s finally ready
hey girl i don't eat any of that crap  i'm glad you don't either
was there a part that made you laugh??   yeah kdksm when jin said he was going to throw the
launched at a price of rs  with fps super slow recording  see more at
the car is my new dressing room  vanity  kitchen  playroom  and i am
every other press sec would love this job    i couldn't be paid enough to be this idiot in
i have no merch the it would be cool if i would win it btw i love you shawn
not sure about the gun mode either  but the as for the robot mode
here's why consumers view brands as relationships
started silvers last night at lvl and just been leveling the vanguard  definitely sticking with it
juan mata could miss the rest of manchester united's season after he underwent groin surgery on thursday  [m e n]
because you re living your dream  man  this shit should be fun
it is funny to see how one form of informal institution against the other(s)  dudududu  the tension is reeeaaaallll
could be because stupid ama requires sleep-deprived doctors to diagnose patients
i find this whole son-in-law granted enormous authority bc related and not a lady to be foul in like dimensions
you don't like surprises when you're already on a path with a     more for capricorn
7 handle missing or malformed `config/app php` file)
personalized learning why your classroom should sound like a coffee shop
so you can easily argue that this was unintentional (especially after considering the lola vfx fias
would you all be willing to donate a gift card to our silent auction? it's tax deductible &amp; will help us make a difference
making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as     more for gemini
sccs has been nominated for safe prom campaign by iheartmedia and romano auto dealerships  please vote for sccs at

liberals are a bunch of bootlickers  hillary may have done this sooner  the alt right is outraged bc
there is some pretty pumped folks in the launch of the eas so what they excitements about
i'm sure we all have our theories    that being said    i can't wait for the finale of !
can i email you? the  contact us  pg isn't available yet on the newspaper's website  thanks
great britain first day covers year set (14x fdc) all tallents house
me *wants to be spoiled* also me *wont accept anything bc i feel extremely bad if anyone spends any amount of money on me*
not gonna lie  almost cried  then remembered what day it was
please don't be the girl that doesn't believe other girls when they tell you your boyfriend is cheating
hey  my friend made that  i think you'll enjoy it! let us know what you think
i have been on twitter for years  months  days (since aug ) and you?
linsey is a drunk marcher  he can make a good statement now and then  usually right before careening into a wall
five words to avoid in your vocabulary actually  basically  literally  honestly and obviously
hey stopde   bro can u post a video featuring how to play nfl madden mobile   n also gameplay for nba mobile live   ty
you &amp; yo baby momma separate &amp; you take everything out the house including everything in the child's room? you a fagget fr
i can no more choose to believe something i find unbelievable than i can choose to like a food that i find disgusting
please sign &amp; rt close bangkok safari world for eloiting orangutans by making them perform in boxing matches!!
can be used as a for a   but it's difficult to keep in place unlike burnfree gel
jack &amp; jones originals denim shirt with double pockets and press stud buttons
leftists gotta hate  they place obama action on trump  obama trampled the constitution  leftist thugs are delusional
lvl covenant university student dies because the school s hospital had nothing in it
live the incident reportedly took place close to the indian high commission in
this book by is an absolute gem  thanks for all the love for cori!
headlines new laws proposed for new liquor stores  executive director announces retirement
five years ago  we watched boys grow  now you are kings  we are still here with you
so team support for education utilize the same format  my role is that of support specialist for all groups
gender pay gap reporting   what is it? find out here
poorer health and shorter lives in compared to peer countries across the globe
assad has done this before remember   but the giant had just told him they didnt see him as their concern
take cruelty off the menu
did somebody make a fool out of you  by (1998)
did somebody make a fool out of you  by (1998)
signed a second amicus brief against ' revised exec  order on immigration  joining other u s  colleges
wsj reports that susan rice was not alone in  unmasking  team trump
thanks for cancelling your best show  dummies red eye was excellent  dumb
sometimes i wish for someone to listen to me and console me   sometimes i wish no one ever get to read / hear me
i added a video to a playlist kakashi vs  reanimated ninja swordsmen! naruto shippuden
i just told my members of congress to support equal pay   join me via
drone footage gives you a breathtaking glimpse of apple campushttps//
we wouldn't be up &amp; running without our volunteers  if you want to help  come to volunteer orientation on saturday!
tired of constantly being put down  the negativity  the tears  the heartbreak  the pain; i'm done  i just can't deal no more
thank you they're stubborn and very blonde  but i've never tried vitamins to help them  so now i might
hermosa beach park closed for tree removal
in new special  louis c k  says we're heading for hellish dystopia
breaking u s  military launches tomahawk cruise missile attack against syria via
mindful marketing for now and the future - featuring founder via
i bought this for a young girl who loves princesses   because this is the kind of princess all girls should read about
your obligations weigh you down now when you would rather be f    more for sagittarius
found a transponder snail!battle rages in upper yard! shandians vs   kami !
i do know hotels usually like the -days notice  pity about inclement weather conditions subverting consumers
deadcenter on the weekend presents fri april st
my side of the family's from texas  many of them are rangers fans  it's a bitter relationship
i noticed she was leaving no chance to touch herand he be like don't distract me
i have new followers from iran  and more last week  see
saundering every artist and writer needs to distinguish between  i no longer want to work on this piece
one of the most things we offer as a company is for all of your items when we have
trump  asked about accusations against bill o reilly  calls him a  good person   by jim rutenberg via ny
laws made by common consent must not be trampled on by     - george washington =&gt;
when ya healthy it's like  we don't really care for him thenleave me alone god  i'll call you when i need you again
came from fsx with pmdg and pmdg to 11  default feels very  arcade -ish  ? like this  or will it b
youtube adds periscope-style live video streaming to
i would shout out  merry christmas  like i sometimes do to my friends even tho it's not christmas
i'm listening to  give your heart a break  by on
nah  can't afford him  i would like to see them re-sign cain and let the others go  they have replacements for the others
construction on sb from peekskill hollow road; ramp to start route taconic state parkway;
modot goes spelunking to keep missouri clean -
are you sure your are doing the right thing  take this quick and see
cooking taps into the same happy point in my brain that composing music does tbh and it's good especially without a recipe
really?? a space causes vodafone to crash? no i couldn't because you can't keep the my vodafone ap
same old arsenal - gunners exactly where they were last season
startthe chant  obamacare obamacare sucks u'll b hearing from us we r the people from the usa
your enthusiasm is not dampened by the logistical problems you    more for gemini
really? the  conservative  right caused the great depression  it was  leftist  policies that
just put a big blind up around australia so you can pull it down when we do some stupid bullshit
french foreign minister the world can t fight climate change without the u s  by
voting him out of office would be a great example of draining the swamp &amp;  maga
in a beautiful landslide that keeps paying great div
it was so weird to see her as a grown up  she was lane from gilmore girls a minute ago
turning bystanders into upstanders (a term i just learned -- love it!)
it's obviously personal preference but for me at least straight hair is so much more sexy than curly hair  -
y'all make sure to stop by our conservation village! planting sea oats helps keep our beach beautiful + healthy!
i liked a video from kolkata funny video | kolkata vs dhaka return | bangla funny video |
an exciting gameweek all the reports and reaction over at by via
is a brilliant effort for patients &amp; their loved ones  as medical eenses pile up so quickly  &amp; rooms are limited
actually obsessed with cleaning my room n throwing stuff out  im go end up with nothing but a bed n blankets
pause and read a lot for this one  dude covered many bases of research familiar and new to me on lucifer (or how
congratulations on funding america  thank you for reminding me jesus walks
thanks for rts
we are aware of the issues in &amp; are hoping to restore supplies before pm!
helped nearby drivers by reporting a visible police trap on i-20 w on - drive social
new here's a list of the deceased from the uvalde county bus crash  just released it to the media
for an artiste  fan support is crucial to surviving  shatta wale () knows this and keeps his fans happyhttps//
we have the devils lettuce here
i'm trying to find the words to describe this girl without being disriiiipeeectfuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuul
are you ready to vote  wi? the courts of appeals and several circuit courts have spots up for grabs on tuesday!
the official gov stats show that the median earnings of ft female workers is percent of ft male wor
a1 it will be interesting to use pearsonrealize for quick formative assessments instead of building my own
fans participating in the cupid shuffle on the front stretch   only
ikoyi-lekki clean up lagos reads riot act to mammy market s stall owners
i feel like that too b/c i'm not a tanomist  for this level of id  i think this is perfectly reasonable
tottenham show great perseverance to down swansea late and keep title hopes alive
bruh this dust storm is no joke  if you want sand in your eyes then you can for sure take this weather
thanks for the retweets this week much appreciated!   want this
i forgot to fully appreciate that one week when winter colds were over and allergies had not yet begun  those rare double nostril days
on a plane and headed to the south for in shreveport this weekend  excited for checking out tons of
right now i am precisely  072km apart from you  and yet do i not sparkle like the infinite stars?
bryce from reasons why is one of the most disgusting and repulsive characters from anything i've ever read/watched
sale!!! all large pieces of amethyst % off!!! today  monday /3/17!!! amethyst - stone
life can fuck you over in so many ways you don't even understand  but it only takes a couple tragic things to spark it
just an update on the two bunnies  i've named them louis &amp; fendi  they are my children now
daily discussion do you think social media influences the way we perceive beauty in today's society?
every time i talk about religion with people and i tell them i'm agnostic they give me the weirdest look it's the most neutral belief ever
hearing that made me realize i never want to go back to oregon  someone kidnap me and keep me outta there
kier's big stupid question of the day scientists have decided sleeping naked is good for weight loss  male
the fact that it took a book/show to wake up people    y'all should already be knowing this hm
-04-03 1501 534956 -- latest data from -03-11 0132 - temperature c - humidity % - wind km/h --
great to meet up with and talk all things and -found a spot in our favourite
a new guitar is % lighter thanks to multiple weird tricks &amp; your scientists have been so preoccupied with
why  everything is grey  for moonlight maestro
drug company owes $20 million after overcharging veterans affairs department for drugs
ana ro7t el party bta3t elbandw etbsat away
wow! i just entered for a chance to win  metal deep bass earphone  kasonic universal housi     by kasonic
woke up and poured a coffee and opened twitter and i'm just crying cos overwhelmed by it
oh  it's definitely legit (as in it exists)  read our comments on this bill and it's attempt to intervene in knox divorce case
i liked a video from part | suited up (fight for vaping rights)
here's to blooming endeavours  happy new month
now playing   mr  pit - love you more
we have a new instagram account  please follow us   i've lost access to my logins for this a
market live sensex  nifty continue to be in the red; sun pharma falls %
blown keg at south hill growler guys wild cherry  a cider from north idaho cider in hayden  id  is gone
it's not that i'm upset that you check up on me i'm upset bc i want someone specific to  i'm upset bc i know they won't but i keep trying
putin says strikes on illegal  harm us- ties
the demo gods are not being kind to today      but it's probably the debugger's fault
i just love how your barrage of tweets are such an obvious attempt to distract us from the russia shit show
world stray animal day soidogfoundation  kind2
i make shit happen no matter what situation i'm in  i'm hungry for a greater life so nothing or no one can get in my way
yeah if i tried either of those in the league i run i wouldn't have a league anymore
wwjd? maybe the pope  not orthodox catholic teaching  is reading jesus right on divorce and remarriage
guess which dolan twin i ended up with!
russia can't afford to mess with the us  their hands are very dirty not to say the us is clean
you love the idea of running around today  whether you're doin    more for aquarius
i liked a video from gmod deathrun funny moments - impossible rainbow map(garry's mod)
couldn't agree more  i love it when a talented unknown catches a break and becomes a big name overn
they all knew &amp; encouraged it  either assisted russia with hacking &amp; implementing fake news to win the
who want to improve ball handling technique? visit my sports &amp; fitness guide
for locals in the bay area looking for something to do this friday night? come meet suzanne &amp; me  swiss travel
i really love this handy ! get the brightest &amp; fastest light for android by rv appstudios
sun 14 light snow; temp c; wind nne km/h; humidity %; press kpa / falling; health idx
balai is urdu while malai is punjabi  theoretically both mean cream but with skimmed milk you only get the thin layer
yes  the scanners for our tickets will read the barcode from your phone  see you saturday!
hey if you can stop having your son in law jared call all the shots man up and stick to your promises that would be great
change is good bt the most uncomfortable thing will miss u bt lets give this new team a chance
precise measurement and fractions beyond the whole are much easier to understand with pizza!
why is fees of lawyers not regulated? such high fee!! no wonder a common man doesn't get justice
military ww2 german elite palm tree reversible camo reversible tent zeltbahn
it's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig    more for virgo
trying some jumping animation for our new game iron army
you don't take ya contagious ass to a vulnerable environment and infect those around you  you get better  same thing with relationships
you're tired of being the responsible one  especially if you m    more for scorpio
via  the susan rice unmasking story is a perfect case study of the new pro-trump  |
sunsport understands there will not be a new year's eve clash between the glasgow clubs
excuse me but i'm trying to focus here and everytime i hear your raspy voicesomething twists in my lower belly
lhs volunteers past/present and future!please help us build up or fb presence by liking our main love hope streng
i think they both said really horrible things to each other but they can get passed it if they try
toddler rescued from washing machine after she climbed inside 'for fun' &amp; got stuck
good morning ospreylia! who's off to today? ko is 5pm and ticket office on westgate street opens at 0
i liked a video from the walking dead season  the first day of the rest of your
we are all so proud of him! i hope when it drops it makes people start talking about what really matters   &amp; not th
yeah  i'm looking forward to see your dead body and throw them as a titan bait
yeah  i'm looking forward to see your dead body and throw them as a titan bait
her determination to care for her children motivated her to reach where she has today  amazing!
abt regression us leaders doing supporting rd world atrocities for all the world to see
ig a dog started sniffing him when he had a tv dinner in his hand and he lost his shit n management was afraid hed get violent
people who are no longer relevant to your life that continue to try still make their way in somehow  cut it out ay lol  ship has sailed
i would be extremely happy if you followed me or just noticed me  love you with all my heart |154|
beautiful kadak dialogs- uer perfrmce wthdesdialogues-adds-more-flavour-2 ka jawab
no one believed i could grow broccoli times higher than an eensive family car
looking forward to our  gardens and growlers  event next month  we had a blast getting our rooftop garden ready las
after i'm watching bangtan gayo my head already cleared from winner new song really2 bcs bfre this it's always lingering in my head tho
the trade will always be a head-scratcher no matter how everyone's careers turn out  you'd think the
deleting and recreating the account didn t work  i ll invest more time tomorrow (it s a non-critical laptop)
are you prepared for the homebuying or selling process this spring? these checklists
encouraging states to innovate with federal education funds on how essa empowers local leaders
that future cannot be millions of pieces of junk  orbiting forever so that you cannot elore space
so  it is important to   somewhere  i read an article by eric flint /?
what a joke as stefanik backs republican regime's muslim ban!fake &amp; fraud

i'm there fasho   there ain't no airport up there huh?
*previous work plugs for a job vacancy advertisment online* may the force be with you applicant  i hope you'll stay longer than i did  lol
sources trump  associates surveilled for up to year i have not doubt our potus is correct ! i trust compl our potus
congratulations to tenazhia hinkson on being named an macjc all-star!
everybody needs to see talk about getting your attention from the get go and so needed in today's society
change is usually not easy to endure  often bringing with it times of uncertainty and even difficult
checkout the april newsletter from the division of ag  we talk about potato propagation and growing asparagus in akhttps//
elbow tear of mets  seth lugo will cost him at least two weeks
mt  mfb swift water rescue working w' to rescue women &amp; babies in waterford west nr
nooo  sorry for not being clear  like you made a reference to culture/etc  but focusing on culture too
omg nevermind r i p  ferdie you think you know someone after years
ged fitzgerald of liverpool city council discusses the commercialisation of local authorities
ugh  i don't remember the exact phrasing- basically whoever questions the bombing is the enemy
you're too good! i'm still thinking of my first one! i have a sinking feeling
this morning a young boy is recovering after being shot in the back in   police searching for suspects
rather not fuck w/ a lot of ya  all yall do is talk shit about each other and then party w/ the same ppl you just finished shitting on
looking for a fun way to donate to ?charity comic auction for signed by scott sawyer
makes for another reminder to how this story's trying to go for modernization &amp;evolution so to speakduri
hear me out; the best thing about feminism conceivably could have been due to their inability to form coherent sentences
rafiki kingdom of on earth mention theory &amp; practice wisdom
great chairing of opening session of day two of europe by w/ irish rail  sncf  bls netz
u s  will appeal injunction of trump revised travel order
a huge well done to on another well fought important win v
what is career and technical education? see resources and research on here
so is like in too deep meets the wire meets power without all the fanfare  really cute film  something to watch with your lady
this is a beast and way more than i was eecting  looks over engineered and exactly wh
confused ideologies are worse  you can see shades but never the true colour  horrible
me i don't think making white skittle for pride was the best corporate decision  trolls wtf you're so racist! white power  you cuck!
a bold timber installation by reimagines the historic cortile of the milano university
whoa
april st  a day of lies april nd  hmm    i'm looking forward to today  and it's not just because of
creative circle is looking for a graphic designer in fort lauderdale  florida on krop
in quotes keen to take the positives from narrow defeat last time out
ca$ablanca - death from above (prod j f ) (stream) -
it's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today    more for aries
ups joins rival shipping companies in delivering chicago packages on saturday
'the never settle show' premieres tonight
it's a pleasure to meet you we are daichi and gesugami dancer and actor team on niconico-doga  gesugami daichi
the scheme at for the cocktail competition for !
omfg y'all    i've been waiting for this   yasssss y'all don't even know how much this warms my heart   fuck yes !!
on occasion i'll do a search for whatever lyrics i can remember  and that'll bring up the song i'm thinking of
james 13 let no man say when he is tempted  i am tempted of god for god cannot be tempted with ev
lucky? lol when we got randle we dropped down a spot in that lottery
clay needs to give these tape to the police  if he doesn't then he is a coward  but he is a young sweet boy
ram temple in ayodhya will be built   by my estimates before   nd thing i want to say here is - supreme court is a pussy!
congratulations  luke patranella  koennecke elementary teacher of the year! we're of you!
-pm shab another load factor of oposition atleast use sum common sens guys i know its agenda but it shud b in toler
benintendi lifts red sox over pirates -3 in post-ortiz era (yahoo sports)
way to go and   no one here to operate the jetway  we've been sitting here at the gate for + minutes
when i felt myself about to do something that wasn't me  i had to open up my bible and just read cause lord knows i'm better than that
be sure to follow us on twitch  we do live devstreams every friday!
head on over to palmetto bay park tonight and watch lourdes softball take on gables at 00  go bobcats!
th anni footage looks really good but why did they have to bundle it with th and charge freaking dollar for it?
y'all know the weather getting bad tomorrow cause even chad closed rockin' jump for the day and that never happens
amtok blackhead remover kit curved blackhead tweezers kit pimple comedone
well with one character sketch done  it's time for the next one to be worked on
yankees option p chad green to double-a trenton; 0 era over five spring outings (espn)
i'm not able to save every life  it's just not possible  but sometimes parents decide to give the most selfless present and donate organs
descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today  even i    more for gemini
pay gap between men and women in california is nearly $79 billion a year - los angeles times
leaders pledged to get more women into work  email them now to ask them to pair words with
nope it is all people with a marginalized sexual iden
couldn't stop crying! don't like stories spread out over umpteen pages but the video at the end was worth it!
however he can defend impunity and be a stodgy of a kleptomaniac that was the atm of apc  god dey
his content was non existent  all he did was create from popular culture  use of color is cool but anybody could do that
the bloggers' guides to social mediahttps//
happy birthday to my bestfriend  i hope you have a wonderful day and that all your wishes come true  much love homi
gorsuch must step back until the plagiarizing charge is adjudicatedhttps//
ian wright this star will leave for in the summer
sara was at the church with her girls  all of them fussing over the dress and the hair  sherlock groaned  able to&gt;&gt;
meeting  dr optimization  now defending his operational recommendations and correcting a few of his errors
i liked a video the best shifter sequential mod logitech g27 g29 g920 need for speed dirt rally etc
i added a video to a playlist phonegap tutorial - how to read csv file using phonegap application
i watched the last and a half minutes on youtube again at naluluha pa rin ako no matter how many times i watch this ep
need help growing your podcast? the podcast success academy can help says
is nutt angry upset re tbull turning to a data company helped trump ple tell the public this
haha  i guess i shouldn't be surprised that hamill nails his co-star and friend perfectly
if i'm drunk and dancing like a weirdo in the club just don't even try to save me  i'm happy b  don't kill that vibe
each year  $39 2 billion is injected by travelers  making tourism an economic driver in pa
full time premier league well done to the seniors
mnny art teacher and classmate just said i look  act  and talk like a year old whgat the fuksjfb im dissociatin g
world tour cd9
ferring highlights progress on social and environmental goals in corporate social
i'm looking forward to the day when hologram &amp; -d technologies merge to create a whole new communication method
today we announce some momentous news! emiglio the robot will take top exec role at digital science!
i always find it interesting how people seem to forget congress's role in all of this
a7  it can certainly block &amp; blind a reader from empathizing &amp; understanding on a deeper level
pumped for the cbc tv debut of with tonight  set yer pvr's for right now
37 take time to pause; and by the next new moon --the sealing-day betwixt my love and me
in al-akbar was the st recipient of advanced wikileaks material on the lebanese defense minister colluding with israel during
recruiting secrets   tips for presenting like a pro
a little late post  all my goodies from my free rosy voxbox from i've already
red eye series finale and  s final halftime reporthttps//
don't walk behind me; i may not lead  don't walk in front of me; i may not follow  just walk beside me and be my friend   albert camus
whoa! did not see this coming  guess it makes sense given his recent injuries  still a good qb  hilarious ints notw
quick q from me mr pm  is anyone recording minutes of the meeting? genuine question
what a great shout-out  let's make this episode!
if we can't make it to dallas  is there a place we can send items for signing?
i h a t e you doesn't that spell love?
clinical characteristics of methicillin-resistant cns bacteremia in a tertiary hospital
landlords! don't put up with poor service from your letting agent  it's simple to switch
eunwoo found his middle school id in his wallet (old one i assume) and he decided to share it with everyone lol
you would love to call it quits early in the day so you can le    more for cancer
christian mccaffrey pro day highlights &amp; bucky brooks analysis | nfl | path to the draft
ditto ! saw the nyc premiere so excited to see it at my home next !
you kidding with me? talk to me how are you? when are coming to brazil again? i miss u and luv u so much
there's a rly good fic but i can't remember what it's called it was sukai and chanyeol and nana were a thing and it was cute
you are a joke  the united states was formed by conscent of the folks living there  eu is formed by fascits and bureaucrats !!!!!!
the hunt for undiscovered drugs at the bottom of the sea
wenger thinks years not winning the league/crashing out of champions league is mitigated by guardiola's prem top trophy comment
exactly! she gave him the benef
syria is using chemical weapons against civilians &amp; north korea keeps testing missiles y
i'm recruiting for a fresh produce technologist on -
week ahead wall street is near records but as q begins trump threatens stability $wdfc
why would you say that? who do you think voted for elena kagan or sonia sotomayor?
it's probably great for kids and i respect the tradition but in our modern world perhaps it is not
if you're facing barriers in your digital transformation journey - don't let legacy infrastructure hold you back
ohhhhh noooooooo i cannot believe i forgot about gossip girl how could i ever i feel like i formed a bomb with the
when i was younger and my mom took me to get a blow out at the salon and i had to get a trim i use to look like dora  i cried so bad
this girl is complaining that her grandma keeps calling her but id do anything to see my grandmas name pop up on my phone again
this is one of the things i love about as a subject  i think essentially  what he
yes  mea shipped before it was done baking  but it happens with every game  for some it's worse  but every game is some kind of broken
since it was a terrorist attack by definition (political ends served by random civilian att
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island   and my score was
charlie hunnam gushes about his girlfriend  reveals how he prepped to play a dad via
thanks for using my tag! you want to use podsincolor for promo &amp; podin when checking out other podcasts
wag magvote s poll but please do like or react to maywards pic and article common mayward rulesinkccgensan
the generational gap between people born in '90 and '93 is knowing all the words to  come sail away
i added a video to a playlist super formation soccer - pure foo     soccer - let's play for
if someone attacks your fav don't attack their fav  it's common sense kidz we aren't in middle school
so much talent  four exciting ways chelsea's defence could line-up under antonio conte next season -
i've just watched episode s02e15 of dc's legends of tomo   ! malec forever
going to the career fair made me realize how much i really don't know what i want to do the rest of my life
steelers nfl draft reset depth the focus after striking out on hightower
coutinho becomes highest-scoring brazilian in premier league history -
good to see bears taking advantage of montana s google fibear pilot program
it's the worst when a couple is before you in d line in a rental car place     just pick oneeeeeeeeeeeeseeee ughhhhh
you should have went out with a win  undertaker  thank you for everything
discover how ge is reimagining how products are designed  made  and serviced at rapid + tct's tuesday keynote
digitant consulting is placed in top for the most viewed writers in seo
memorial lady mustangs   enter merrill green stadium  matchup and coverage starting at 30 pm on the spring bra
they are my number !! ') thanks so much for everything!!
today's soups turkey chili  new england clam chowder  chicken &amp; sausage jambalaya  tomato eggplant  curried chicken chowder
he has to care for those most important to him  those big oil folks who'll provide a lucrative board position when
well tim  the cows have convinced everyone to just eat chicken  yep they have it made  mooooooooo
is it weird that i can't watch another show since i've started skam it's like so good and i just can't watch anything else
there's no reason to treat your current situation as normal si    more for capricorn
sociopaths i e  hernandez aren't affected by prison like nonsociopath  power &amp; control their ultimate goal he achieved this
which tape you guys already? (vote via poll)
bit arrogant to say people who dont agree with your ideas are gullible
this is just so pure and real and i love it so much  i would rt this times if i could  this gives me so much h
got my waiver and virtual guide for my runs in weeks!! first back to back races!!
your one-stop point to know everything about impulse  launching on th of april  mark the date  via
notice how willing trump was to take credit for a successful attack  but also how quickly he blamed his generals for a failed one
and the creative destruction of today's business models
- what an incredible welcome from everyone  excited to help you further realize your vision
good evening!
no such thing as ? tell that to these beautiful baby harp
me &amp; my mom just made a daddy joke at the same time and i've never been more proud
shoot like the coach gave you green light from anywhere even if yo shot look like shaqs keep shooting away
hillary clinton and chuck schumer were seen coming out of the subway in st  petersburg just before the
lake erie legends day -fish w/ travis hartman lake erie fisheries
i can't fucking stand him at all the fact that him not being able to do anything turns into me being selfish and disrespectful
the subject matter of research is no longer nature in itself  but nature subjected to human questioning         werner heisenberg
his challengers are poorly organized  he has a fundraising network going back to perot days
happy belated th birthday to the third legal member of the clob gang i cannot wait to see u so ve
luvbug best is yet to come *now playing* on vibe nation dance radio  listen
oh    sadio mane is seriously injured? oh dear  it would be terrible     if     someone sang a song about it!!!
knowledge is knowing that god can teach you something  wisdom is knowing that his teaching is harder than you think it is
i'm not for minute suggesting that there might be some kind of  misallocation  of funds going on
dps bikaner is all ready to welcome parents of the students from classes th to th for it's annual ptm
looks like the pods at terminal   which i always enjoy using btw  but then it's not vulnerable to idiot road users unlike this
the first contact with the reality of losing preferential access to britain's    by via
huge giveaway by munchkin metropolis with unique and amazing prizes! enter and help me win  or win yourself!
groundhog day activity continues at north korea s punggye-ri nuclear test site | north
under these circumstances the british would normally have planted a mole behind enemy lines
article benchmarking environmental performance of improvements in egyptian aquaculture
okay why is yoon talking about mino's and hoon's tattoos??? how is this relevant to their comeback???
i bet you wenger would say he had wanted to sign mane too  always signing players in his head
unlikely  if anything  he can do that  despite what some think  i am not a lap-dog
listen to ppe (prod  no average joe) by iamnoaveragejoe on shoutout ppe
this all you need for music share and listen
has a great point  live within your means  i'm broke as hell  stay broke because i pay my bills  i ain't trying to impress no one
omastar % (11/0/0) (mud shot &amp; ancient power) until 5109 (29m s)
canada-us going to overtime in world championship gold medal game  overall tournament is weak  but these two teams never fail to deliver
i've just watched episode s01e05 of victoria!
it will happen
thanks again  the right is posting as much as the left  this was always the plan and kno
no doubt now that dems need to obstruct for the next years just as did
the us and canada have to cut emissions in years faster than w&amp can provide  ccu is the answer (
i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e i love e
selects to build for global chemical research
(nice handle?) unfortunately  unless and until we develop hemp-based plastics  suitable for all the petrol-plastics  no
mr  dtf himself teamcertifiedgage live for the felonmagazine release party brought to you by
| when bluntmoya does great work | all i could do | was appreciate and just be |
it looks like this crew is gonna be reunited in the west coast soon the school of hard knocks
so i just randomly got logged out of my insta talkin bout  owner changed password  bitch i think tf not
team led by po3 alona a oronan conducted beat/foot patrol poblacion area to prevent crimes &amp; any form of illegal ac
i was contemplating wether that made sense but i couldn't think of anything lmao
but i thought mar a lago had the biggest   most luxurious  tremendous hotel rooms and suites in the entire world
why would someone really choose to hurt and trigger others? why be part of our accepting community to just spread hate?
when you're constantly told what you're doing wrong it's hard to see what you've even done right   exhausting
-03-30 0500 502206 -- latest data from -03-11 0132 - temperature c - humidity % - wind km/h --
here s a handy for when you re for potential buyers
epic concept album from the proggy metalheads   emperor of sand reviewed
the latest steve mun group's real estate news! thanks to
- just because a guy who went at was great doesn't mean that a similar athlete at will do the same  no reincarnation in nfl
any similarity to its namesake gateau? it s rich and thick and has a hint of dark fruit  so yes  not so far off
from choosing the right professionals to signing that final contract  here are the typical steps you need to be
disappointing display by ulster tonight  ref didn't make it easy but points is a let down for them
where have i said that? i agree cooper should be banned  but so should your player
i'm excited about this free webinar from on how to write a book - you should join too!
i liked a video from aquamarine dagger moveset (dark souls )
this butterfly is half male and half female c
what makes you so sure? we've built a machine that takes co2 buried over s of mi
surging colombian river kills more than   many in their beds  by the new york times via nyt the new york times
my city just got blown thru by some tornadoes a couple months ago  i almost regret trying to help white people clean up right about now
it's gone people   gotta let it go   400 hours of internet streaming is storage + bandwidth ($$)  doesn't tend to
i tried marking a donation to a twitch streamer for $1 and it took $24 00 out of my paypal  what should i do?
studio insiders let slip that in the next bond film daniel craig's prissy little mouth retreats to the exact size and shape of a cat's bum
top tips for driving a ton of free traffic with twitterhttps//
mainly yeah/kinda no? i did just get a bachelors in illustration but i've drawn since i was a kid and the bulk of m
i suggest senate democrats and republicans go nuclear  not metaphorically  but with an actual bomb
and she'd be quite correct on that front  nor will michelle obama  you need a new politician  not a recycle from the past
take a look at the proposed developments &amp; master plan for the future of solihull
good thread! good luck on everything you do in your career! need way more people like you!
hi adam  i'm sure i can sort that out; please just dm your full address &amp; d o b  cheers  matt
pillars of the earth by ken follett  it's been on my list to read for a while and it doesn't disappoint
retweeted logical indian ()   yes watch out  lg sab may order aap not to contest
i liked a video wolf in fun colors for kids | learn wild animals | colours learning video for
yesterday's nnn made me like paul kim so muchhh i didn't know this masterpiece existedhttps//
great news  we finally know what beyonc  &amp; jay z did for their anniversary last year   see the new pics here!
will be held accountable to attacks on anti trump protesters at louisville  ky
i added a video to a playlist ab khel jamay ga by ali zafer - music video - youtube
i don't care about trump winning political points in this one situation
i need to make for me a logo a minecraft logo with my skinhere it is
trump  patriots win sb  unc win natl title    shaping up to be just as bad as   only thing keeping shit afloat is that clemson win
aldrich ames  c i a  agent turned k g b  spy - the new york times | politics &amp; current
wind km/h ssw  barometer  9 hpa  stazionaria  temperature  3  c  rain today  0 mm  humidity %
as christians  we share a lot with a flashlight
when local news outlets shutter due cuts  we all lose /via
they can smell disease and shit yeah  but if someone is about to get hit by a car they wouldn't know lmao
i'm soo excited about
lol   if i get mil  who national anthem epp   bro which would u choose btw being perfect in anthem and mil?
given that my dad is a sound guy  watching someone test a mic by tapping it drives me insane  dont tap a mic that isnt gonna test it
pretty sure this is the uniform set gonzaga wore against tennessee  also pretty sure it was the best opponent uniform of the season
when you're really not feeling well  but manage to entertain yourself anyway    i call that a
advisory boards are critical to keeping programs current and help us prepare tomorrow's workforce
being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone     more for virgo
'high-value' terrorist of ttp sajna group killed in security operation ispr
virtually all democrats voted for paid sick leave bill in house  all republicans voted against it
and a mahussively huge thank you to &amp; for being so freakin' awesome  wh
coca-cola s secret influence on medical and science journalists | the bmj
heartbreaking when you've been in for an hour  look in the corner of ur screen and see g instead of the wifi symbol in
tell us what you think! what is your vision for riverside regional park? take the survey
improve student recruitment campaigns this tool includes free planning guide
the gap between lust &amp; love  a story about   relationships  and sex  available now on
watch project helps protect vulnerable people living along the pyanj river basin in
it s time for the function to change its focus from hindsight to foresight
enjoying my donosti  despite the weather
get set for an uneected twist as gang leaders kick start the roadies journey
you can now print a sneaker to support the exact arch of your foot or the particular way you run
i m in the battle of the paddle the mvp won t disappoint  whose team are you on?
you changed my life so positively!! thank u for saving me in all the ways a person can be saved! thanks for everything303 533
found a transponder snail!candid shots of the straw hats on their new ship!
babies later and victoria was ahead of the game when it came to having serious pain relief in labour
manchester city is claudio bravo one of the most disappointing transfers of premier league season? - john brewin
you're on a roll today and everything you encounter seems to a    more for leo
i love the phrase  why on earth  ? it makes think some people would have an easier time fathoming things on jupiter
custom steel-framed hope s windows and doors alongside a barrel-vaulted ceiling  -foot-high
yes    your party man calls women taanch maal n is a classic for wrong reasons  jai ho
she didn't imply that your whole fandom's bad  she only meant a couple  because i for one know someone who's a nice army
here are answers to your questions about the
welcome to   our month of for   god is set to distinguish you in this season i
san fransisco film society's executive director  noah cowan  said in a statement
nominations open 'helping it happen' rural awards  why not nominate an angus estate?
long ways to go  lots of ingrained thinking  sorry  friend  i know your part and worth  fwiw
testing and identification of direct fet with multimeter -- online laptop repair training lciit  -
yes  i did finishand it covered much territory i was already familiar with  it had some good stories
it's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate    more for pisces
bpd dispatch check well being | gwynns falls py | thu  apr th   00 pm | medium | p170961582
dalit youth brutally killed for loving an upper-caste girl - tv1 jai telangana
as i said  the umpire motioned play on before he was tackled  as soon as his arms mov
just finished watching prison school (dub because i like the vas they chose)and it was so funny  really enjoyed it!
successful begins with preparation
yes hugs are purely magical
hello my beautiful lovelies  it's officially april  which means i'm closer to finishing nd year
answer the simple questions on participate in the contest
jess listen im sry if a show doesn't immediately like catch my attention i cant     continuuuueeee
y'all cam try and contort yourselves trying to justify that trash pepsi ad if you want  that just ain't my ministry
soooooo rosemary has me sort of wanting a colonic i wanna feel all squeaky clean &amp; empty! have you ever had it
foo i would beat the fuck out dude istg   look at this nigga sis
'courtesy of sabc' so embarrassing why not have your own crew at   they can't
north korea reportedly has a fleet of  000 drones it can use for chemical attacks
daughters just left to go back to college after spring break - miss them already!
me here's what i would do   but if you ruin your life it's not my fault so idkalso me but if it goes well it was totally my idea
showing fascists contempt in the commons is key to holding them accountable they are obsc
[on] april   remember that we need to critically evaluate news items  all other days of the year  we ca
check out vintage paint &amp; pencil scenery artwork farm house winding river foothills beauty via
top story three white house officials tied to files shared with house intellig    see more
she-dontlye youfunkybitchyou diosa-flower  caretaker   by d r a m ft  sza forever my shit love
-07 what time is vs scunthorpe in the fa cup third round  what tv channel
being imperfect doesn't disqualify us from serving god; it just emphasizes our dependence on his mercy!
i'm assuming the pitch is two paced? it usually is at the caribbean  if he ends up with off should be fine
the latest the ajay tiwari daily! thanks to
o come  let us sing unto the lord let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation  let us come before hi
coutinho's a big name though in a big game  that has something
leads the first-ever with six nominations
i just laugh when someone says college ball is better than nba    like  what about this is better/more fun than nba
hahahah i would've died if i were her because being compared to shraddha is a blessing
hello spring! i like the warmer nights and sunnier evenings  but not the allergies bugging me every morning
full gallery lesbians with perfect tits  lips and hips meticulously suck &amp; rubs c
it's a distraction tactic  he won't fight them b/c he knows he needs th
he thinks it's manly  masculine  even sexy for women to be chased and overpowered
do you do customs art? like redraw pictures with your art style? my friend would love it as a bday gift  i'd pay if course
my favorite person with the station hu ko tlifesa hu re  can't wait for tomorr
when will the next xbox one update be  i bought every ancient and almost got every achievement
my two year old just stole legos from me  didn't play with them  just put them behind her  said   i just sit by them
yeah earthlings sounds good  and they'll definitely be born on kara couch
me writing les mis how do i elain the french namesme writing kylux how can i make these french instead of galactic edgelord
good relationships don't just happen  they take time  patience and two people getting through all the hard times together
aaaaah idk it wouldn't let me tag you (it's homophobia)  i thought you had locked your acc  twitte
can someone elain why people are ripping on ? what'd he do? what's going on? someone tell meeeee (plz)
get a higher paying job you loser  or adopt radical communism! it pays!
from someone who's lived somewhere with zones absolutely yes  zones make unlimited passes easier to implement
lovely article in looking forward to moving back to soon! and my concert in fram in june!
these people spend a lot of time rehearsing being even more insufferable than the president
the worst part is she is the only half decent thing to a d we've had in ages  too bad she's a trumpet
today marks the nd anniversary since the passing of the queen of tejano selena we are always dreaming of you
pay close attention to sleep patterns! i got a concussion yr ago that caused a permanent sleep disord
eire whiggs raille! hirp! hirp! for the tragic jester sobbed himself in meeingseeing  he mean to me
nog is still fighting? he's gonna be out within the first two minutes  tko
thnx to railways fr making our life green and clean  it never happend before  pnr
i clearly mentioned at the age of +ok tel me  in hw many films hritik increased or decreased his body weight fr d character
poor europe who knew there were so many fools there proof that one can be book-smart but socially retarded
rep anastasia williams will remain on board but has officially stepped down from john hope
please like and share! thank you in advance
lucky to hear u at jyotirmay  thanks for sharing  would like to read on child physiology  can u suggest
it goes for all sexualities  but it's unfair to only talk sex when it comes to lgbt considering heteros engage in sodomy too
i wanted qdoba for lunch today but their phone line is busy and i'm too lazy to go pick up my food
don't get a dog if you can't handle it???? don't get a puppy if you're going to get pissed when it doesn't act perfect??? they're not toys??
dierks bentley  thomas rhett and kelsea ballerini place their bets on faves at the acm awards
make sure knows you want him to protect family planning &amp; to
nakamura wants to debut on the smackdown brand
president of mormon church  thomas s  monson  hospitalized in salt lake city
the countdown begins! days!!!! of
i'm habving nn a stroke i can't lnkjsdkljbskdakjnsakjf i've been trying my best to keep quiet and not yell but im s
interesting way of removing bullets fam!!! abby got that shit done
planning a vacation should be fun right? i have made three deposits to three different destinations
you may wonder why the actions that once earned you recognitio    more for leo
that's where i got it! love that book! read it in paris  where i worked as a bicycle tour guide for a year &amp; a half  so good!
hebrews 14how much more  then  will the blood of christ  who through the eternal spirit offered himself
the best part is i'm lewd  serious  and detailed  so if i'm not fucking  i'll kick your characters with a story! rt if you can relate!
the cat cam tweets!
last day of our brazil adventure  thks to ross   great itinerary  seen so much  so many memories
we're foreign transaction fee free &amp; we won't tap u for atm use  though  the atm owner may have a fee on their end  (1^sm
we all know that first impressions are important - what is your front door saying to guests?
that man came &amp; insisted to get up  said i had kept rumal  my friend replied - i will out rumal on tajmahel so can i claim tajmahel? /x
one of my fave bits from the polling london data  londoners become more sanguine about effect of brexit  the closer
marc &amp; the plattitudes - living on the edge on
reasons the original beauty and the beast is better than the remake - cbrhttps//
look jason witten says goodbye to former quarterback tony romo in touching letter -
why give them a huge scholarship why give them job first why ???? help only poor's sir not in sc  st   manner
i wonder this time you will vote against jz in parliament or you will protect your job
your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day  and you may    more for sagittarius
my gpa passing in dec has forced me to be a stronger person  was successful until last week when i lost t  today i
thanks for the retweets this week much appreciated! (want this for  it's magical!   )
the ev will run out of steam  freak goal to put them ahead  united have great options off the bench still
it was awesome to meet youuu in person !! and the rest of y'all
currently on the office stereo original - you can't beat a classic
we have spoken to him and counselled him as how to avail of the saudi amnesty
it was my first doctors appt  i was feeling horrible  throwing up foam b/c there was no food in me to throw up
and also  i'm not racist  i once drove past a black guy and didn't reach for my gun
spotlight students for april th! great work  taylor from room and sophie from room   work hard  be nice &amp;
retweeted manchester united () ' - work a good opening and lingard gets a low cross away from
yikes! facilities has crew on site addressing the problem  thanks to hs admin/security for getting kids into school
tony snell leads milwaukee with points while giannis antetokounmpo adds po
such a farce i would be shocked if he said hetro and why  come out  who really cares but i guess he'll want to claim benefits
honestly don't believe any judge can be thought by % of ppl to be  fair   he comes close
the ongoing war on light and darkness ultimately results in the final battle that was prophesied before the original curse ~wikpda
getting pumped for the tomorrow! will be at the chuck all day starting at
been doing so much after work lately definitely feeling accomplished now time to chug some beer
teen promposes to emma stone by epically recreating 'la la land' opening number
just in devin nunes' white house accomplices revealed - this is unbelievable
i only came to my afternoon dance class and i swear if i see there's only one person there i'm walking out and heading to find my prom dress
she apologized  which is great  but when people say   you don't need to apologize! people are too sens
where can you get a dozen mini assorted donuts for $5? tomorrow april st marketplace from am-1pm you
presidents of the usa - peaches on stream
although the endresult sits better on the bridge  still a killer-look!
newsnavigator daily edition is out! visit in   featuring today
this would be like ben affleck blaming christian bale for his poor performance as batman
earthquake occurred km al sur de coalcoman  mich at 50 utc!
final diamondbacks indians   wp ari s miller (1-0) lp cle j tomlin (0-1) (espn)
bitch i jsut ordered jeongguk n taehyung photocards im so happy n excitedhfhe
i liked a video from the intros of march - rainbow six siege funny moments compilation
just shame about oxfords oar mix up right on the start  no way back from the look of it
go look at the players that were in the field this week and think about that one again
trump believe he's the gatekeeper of all ppl build walls &amphame ppl he'll fall hard&amp; be shamed before the world he will be remembered a lier
podcast to serve your audience - not find your audience
the word  roof  evolved from the old english  hrof  covering or shed  in modern english  it s both a noun and a verb
little mans game got canceled due to field condition  so you come watch
the winning times in the fly for men &amp; women at the ncaa d1 championships over the last years
so now do we believe &amp; telling us s2 is the best thing ever seen??!!
when moonchild is coming to ny for less than $20 in a train accessible place but it's on a friday night &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;
terrible officiating   but what can you do  i'll take an acc victory  (but hate to see gonzaga players cry )
i'm gettig these random hits of euphoria when i realize that all the tough shit  all of it  about to end soon  allah  inshaallah
haha thanks for the reply  better late than never p s  made it on my own  decoded your online support
the uk's version of the voice in pants the twerk audition with isa d'entertainer badmos chief bumba! d'gan-gan gstr
helping us to put ourselves out there instead of waiting for someone to find us!  - aisling &amp; ray
the men examined some of their provisions  but they failed to ask the lord 's advice   (joshua 14)
photobooth rustic setup light of love events place
busy day thursday! during the wrdn morning farm report at about 45  brian talks with national milk ceo jim
working on my new song right now! love this stop motion vid! well done
fr  pius pietrzyk calls to defund the lsc are based on outdated information via
beautiful day in   can't beat this view (or this book) on a mid morning break
love is a fire  but whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house  you can never tell     joan crawford
standing whole days by the gaming-tables to watch the old lady  prostrated with grief  and become good for nothing
just found this on my phone  apparently this is how i take mirror selfies when i'm drunk
'record numbers of gp practices closing following rise in the number of doctors retiring early' - via
stock market only helps his buddies in the %  not the people who voted for him  how many stocks do you have? lol
when you up that's when they want to turn up on you  that's why i got trust issues i got trust issues
just said good morning to a guy in passing  he replied  good  &amp; you?  then  hung his head  he knew he fucked up  hate when that happens me
in every moment  with every being  you are always love meeting yourself  love   ~ amy flynn
making changes that endure isn't always as straightforward as     more for gemini
i'm legit stressing about this  because i love food too much &amp; i hate not being able to eat like i normally do
check out sandra lee semi-homemade cooking pb (3817-202 bo) cookbooks via
hard to take moral high ground on syria when we have cut them off from the world with our travel ban talk
kygo returns to ushua a beach hotel for summer residency with special g
see how boston engineering speeds prototyping by using their one
local boi arrives in austin and is delirious from the drive with and
here's the rundown of using laughing gas during labor and childbirth
obama's dems have listened to every conversation  not one d
harold fact time - bats always turn left when exiting a cave  see you are now wiser!
s/o to our special guest for coming through &amp; supporting   you
//okay cool//  that's good     shuts his eyes happily and a happy smile was stuck on his face
i'm eecting something more powerful than pro on paper  but how they gonna have to same issue showing k as sony
wonderful support for the united guild service in st paul's followed by lunch wcstationers hall  very happy event
listening to r4 on how some people in usa arguing that sandy hook massacre was a conspiracy and support by infowars  how did we get here?
bob dylan finally accepts nobel prize  months after ceremony
got dropped from the class i was most excited to take cause they registered too many people for it just my fucking luck
threethree three three three but he better upgrade all the outfits this year
physician who performed the abortion   should be held acct   i pray the clinic is shut down
radiohits hits ! bad boys blue a world without you(michelle)(remi   click and play !
don't be the person who cares the most because you'll end up with the most to lose  kisses therisingstar
no cow will be killed in kerala  bjp's surendran hardens standwhile bjp candidate in malappuram promised halal beef
everything seems simple enough until someone close to you deci    more for capricorn
is putting party ahead of governing with comments that gop shouldn t work with dems to improve
success  this works  thanks  any kind of a global solution for other games  i will retry with tai_main_module
ahhhh! 's getting into the !

k business contacts % all friends fb
things will converge again when both ) serious ux contenders to twitter exist  and ) next political cycle heats up
did you ever wonder what's the worst breakup text ever typed? check out these to see the top !
eu is cm and sm     norway not in eu but access to sm and cu
how to be aware of soil contamination when installing soil borings
found a transponder snail!oars comes back as a henchman of moria?!
is sasha seeing b/4 she says goodbye?
makes me think of 's     hello  it's me    i must've called a thousand times to te
thank you    for those lovely words  it is important for us to love and support each other
one person followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
please reply with your answer to why plundertale is the best game ever for the chance to win more plundertale
looks like we got ourselves a repeat   oops - drinking a skully barrel no  bert's bungalow -
fuc ki almost cut myself with my exacto knife trying to open the plastic packets the runners come in please don't tell my parents
then i guess that we will haft to go nuclear and do for our country what obstructi
dozens killed  more than injured by eure to gas or chemical agent in syria    by
and let's see how many civilians are killed in this supposed response to assad killing civilians
out brad pitt's journey to fame
looking forward to it! leaving sparta by 00 to be there on time  invited  you up for it? i can
lol select all ur thing to do pisces woman in full audio song - parasmani need a lil baat pakki my venmo thr body
affirmation today i release my negative stories  excuses and any reasons i have that hold me back from my
all i know is i'm treating myself to a big ass blunt and a bomb ass lunch after the dentist fixes my tooth rn!!!
i don't think what harry did is correct  i mean the fact he told the interweaves that he doesn't want
we've got lots of this morning! come get yours! nibble inc
found a transponder snail!candid shots of the straw hats on their new ship!
your optimism sets the tone for a spectacular day  and you may    more for sagittarius
scots brits [top nd] [0 out] [0 balls] [0 strikes]     no one on [p zach maresh] [b jaret koin]
shaw has got to start tonight  throw him in the deep end for a response  should tell jose if he's good enough or not
meets w/17 students but refuses to meet w/more than mainers?
trump bombed a mosque and school in syria as well  western media even report it once?
$hredd always lock in the studio &amp; act like he can't hear shit     so we told him it was a fire in dis hoe
latest architect jobs in singapore  bukit merah posted on sunday nd of april
don't continue feeling bad and wondering why you are feeling that way! life may be stressful  but getting great
attendance awareness month starts in september  planning starts now! will you join us?
the stylin'  profilin'  limousine riding  jet flying  kiss-stealing  wheelin' n' dealing woooo' in
today proves that u can't win on ur own  but i know u can  when u defend the title  don't let them help u!
i support team st  driver nd  i was alo fan while driving ferrari  but not vet fan b4 he came maranello
i love the gold caps  looks really good when you alternate them with the black caps
mapped brexit britain's enemies revealed   and guess who really wants the uk to suffer -
lol being brand new doesn't help now    i actually also wanted to mara ei
'news is not netflix' personalization's appeal remains uncertain for some publishers - digiday
the ust water dept will be flushing fire hydrants throughout the twp /30/17 - /12/17  from 00 pm to 00 am
cross from the left  controlled by on his chest  but his left-foot shot is charged down [1-0]
wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something  - plato
but how is the distance a problem while you are a helicopter pilot     shot'left nyana ??
event? festival organization cause music entertainment? social n has a special even better than our calendar!!
post a picture of you and your sunshine&amp; tag people  whoever fav/rts thinks you'd be cute together copied x
thanks guys  you've supplied the soundtrack for my year project! it was falling down when i bought it
when you was not cm  that time also you use to speak nonsense or its only after going to delhi  chutiya iit'ian
i liked a video from spinn - the key to the best cup of coffee
two great choices for lunch today! grab swine dining from or affordable  tasty mexican from
david says   i do not conceal your love and your truth  (psalm 10c)  he prays   may your love and your truth always protect me  (v 11b)
nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you    more for sagittarius
dear could you do me a huge favor and make destiny play anywhere so i don't have to buy it twice for pc and xbox pretty please
those working bbc  who r now in doodo over their tax returns
pcs opaque yellow faceted crystal glass loose bicone spacer beads mm
there are so many ways that data can be used to better understand the important relationship
hi there folks - sorry almost missed you  delighted you could join us tonight
that's super cool! thanks for the follow  i of course immediately followed back  especially after
enjoyed   i liked gits despite flaws  the original doesn't hold your hand with plot/themes so changes were needed
trying to set a whole new life up for myself is tiring  can i just win the lottery so i don't have to work
no one one has pranked me yet today and im not sure whether to feel blessed or upset cuz everyone's forgotten me
model ashley smith and nylo bring music and fashion together again with rvca for fall ?
or a yr old vet who is no snowflake  did not vote for hc  &amp; can still recognize unhing
our constitution demands that  merkel just let go  but she also want to help
well  that  and the messiah who reveale
sullivan was one of six current or former fbi officials who died during a six-month period in   before they were to testify before the
hello 's followers - thank you so much for following! wishing you all a happy monday!  want this
you may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r    more for leo
it's not mean c sometimes medical people can be rly inappropriate/inconsiderate thinking they're being
guysi just think that the fan base(s) are in enough shambles can we get together  enjoy sharing the love? the world is bad enough /2
drones  sensors  and advanced analytics for the market
my video  is meant to spark a conversation with the skeptic community  such as  and
storms are in the forecast sunday evening  a few could go severe  i'll be monitoring this through the weekend
that is the selfish para of this  black l nea matter less? kids matter less? if poor you matter less? that's what you say
this is really one of the scummiest  pettiest  m
anyone who knows how to get to the nearest fast food restaurant would probs take the cake ngl
i just feel so fucking empty right now and it s making me sick to my stomach (via self-hatred-purebred)
life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood  - hellen keller
your creativity bubbles up from a very deep well today  bringi    more for virgo
man fuck it if you not f c m g   sc   and or greenlife then i'm sending good shots at y'all weak asses
congrats on great work! edited   need to keep moving!
i am fully aware of the spelling mistakes but the authorial method used signifies the tone of anger  a complete str
mobilepunch political leaders who cannot provide security are failures   cardinal okogiehttps//
republic of ireland women's football team threaten strike over fai treatment
we are a people of habits  if you can change your habits  you can change your life
n encinitas coast larvitar % (3/12/13 - bite/ancient power - snormal) til 0749(29m s)
frank the frog will be back for our spring sale next week! frank wants you to know that all of his spa products
tillerson  russia's foreign minister discuss syria strike
this country the lack of customer service is disgusting and let's even start with unprofessional behaviour
we finally got the chance to get our athena tail in the water!
guess what day it is?!?! opening day baby!!!! redsox__fanpage forever_redsox
amazon kindle fire hd ht7g gb  wi-fi + g lte in touchscreen tablet
reasons why i love my nephew number - he can hear a horn in the kop and thinks it's a duck!
's relationship with cornwall's dairy farmers goes from strength to strength
it's always been bashar assad and his thugs masquerading as a government going on a seemingly ufett
strangers passing in the street  by chance two separate glances meet   and i am you and what i see is me
it's nearly impossible to see the downside of a plan today  in    more for sagittarius
found a transponder snail!get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!
abs  get your facts straight  it was a surprise party thus quen didn't know abt it  liza
iona craig on what really happened when u s  navy seals stormed a yemeni village  killing dozens
so cheer up for god's will for your life is greater than any dream you dare to dream &amp; so is god's will for this n
he had a very serious injury  thought he'd be back like early at the earliest so this is even beyond like john cena levels here
presumably after her minutes in the limelight just read comments about david moyes needs to get a life and lighten up
regrann from - quick question has there ever been peace or a time without war
ok so let a female start something with aan and ur with her    let the man beat ur ass  how is that logical??
oh my god i'm so sorry for this  i should have done more   now your turning into weeb trash
an alliance rfr and wbr had  roush waited until
stadium proposal's defeat likely ends st  louis' mls chances -
50% of contractors are failing on and facing status issues  report on
found a transponder snail!scoop! exclusive photos of the mysterious mr  !!
study finds may be effective for with co-occurring physical &amp; mental health comorbidities
said it was his fault mike d  didn't know! bobby needs to cash y'all &amp; take chips back to vegas when he goes again simple fix!
it's dy  chairman p j  kurien's b'day   i believe there will be perfect order in the house   he says
damn    how does a whole marketing dept have white privilege? no one frm top to bottom thought that commercial wud be an issue?
(c) but he gets caught up into a battle with demons  after the battle hibiki gains the power to control demons along with io and daichi  (c)
this sign should be hanging in every house with kids
wht will b the future of international studnts who have dne their masters n planning to do job in us aftr new h1 guidlines
you might respond to a moral dilemma at work by remaining quie    more for cancer
the originals season  stefan salvatore arrives in new orleans  what will happen next week on serieclub?
it was   what ? i think it's target demographic  young adults  probably could eat around then
i liked a video swedish house mafia - don't you worry child ft  john martin
dan moroney  deno andrews &amp; simone boutet leading in village trustee race w/ of precincts reporting
representing iowa at state day at nti   super excited about the new epyramid launched by the pyramid model
and the current administration says we have no money for supporting refugees
analog is a whole different world  i have no eerience of that beyond simple rc circuit
today is a blue day - periods   (focus /8)      good morning stallion nation!
omg yewonie im about to make kimchi jjigae ill fly there right after i finish cooking
the painted hall britain's answer to the sistine chapel
well  it is a fun fact that shakespeare never mentioned a balcony i'm romeo and juliet  it says she is at her windo
and who exactly has crossed that line  yet to be established with any kind of factual certainty
ring talisman spell kit ritual haunted irresistible to a women woman female get
isn't it beautiful? it'll be dark soon   but julie isn't quite ready for the day to be over  she wan
so just days of harbaugh playing against osu showing] q you know  maybe or receive any of you know  i said 'i'll show
this is not why i voted for him  on same side as mccain  graham  hrc   what's wrong with this
a3 how do you offer choice in your classroom for gt students if you don't utilize a station rotation model?
how in the fuck does my phone spell out mater instead of master  i didn't even know mater was a word
british politician emerges as hero in london terror attack via
everything is just ugh  as soon as i hit its like life plan? what life plan? just have to keep going
there are lots of things to do around the house and you can't     more for pisces
song of the day god inna me corner by romain virgo
even tho im not a fan of the as im a fan  its a nice gesture for him to retire in a cowboy
choice? check  ss self directing? check  t facilitating? check  this hs science review has written all over
when i first started using fitbit  i was shocked to find i was only getting -3k steps/day  /2
and the chat just began  join in and lets chat with the renowned on the chat
was a gifted carpenter who made miracles with his
+ it's not yet dark (via doc soup) manhattan yonge-dundas
north korea calls syria missile strike by us  unforgivable' via
showing differences between the interlace on govan and the original classification of the patte
your argument is bogus and you never gave a damn when went to war against libya &amp; thumbed his nose at
-- destroyed   you don't believe  do you?  of course he did not  he did not seem one bit concerned that she had been almost --
you are doing a disservice to the kids and every innocent person adversely affected by us foreign policy
seattle sues trump administration over threat to 'sanctuary' cities by via
or when your project is so lit the lecturer asks   where are you fire escapes? where are the collection points?!
to distract from russia  from internal investigations  from the healthcare fiasco  from sorry w
anyone who loves a european football trip i'd urge you to pick up - cracking magazine
so it's pouring raining outside  bout to walk out the building this girl in my class calls me so she can get under my umbrella
well i was right  i said the next takeover would be either late may or early june  may   chicago  the night before backlash  sd live ppv
all he needs is to loose the customary british arrogance and belief that they are better than everyone else  th
- wine bottle stopper w stand - kodak folding camera -
you mention it  i don't suppose you're from hoshido or nohr either  huh ? i've never seen knights in blue-
have you noticed almost all protests recently in tn is widely publicised by new7 group? they ge
senator andy uba s extensive academic fraud eed by via

aww   are you that worried?  she grinned and danced around with aurora in her arms   what would i do all alone?
he seems to have changed his tune  didn't he say last year  'shane is shane' or something? was hardl
my interview with and talking the roh title  tna and what makes a great tag team
los angeles abrasion test   why and how to perform - i am a student of civil engineering
psst    cma awards    you should nominate him for something in november tho
dylan bundy made the blue jays look silly
podesta oil co  investments &amp; board member w russian co  selling us uranium for $8 75 m donation to cf
ngoma iko poa  they need to jaz improve on a few things
retweeted aika   () perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another
crisp and clear      perfect florida weather for making new bikers!! motorcycle rider
lol  almost went to play for a year w/ a dutch team  really should've gone but just wasn't ready for th
azaleas in bloom on a beautiful day
east tucson chansey % (15/6/5 - pound/hyper beam/normal til 0811(28m s)
of course poky is excluded  the  ghetto  school in pocatello   this is messed
mfa spokesman s comments in response to media queries on indonesian media reports carrying
radar looks like a disco ball this evening! literally snowing  sleeting and raining all at the same time in
it's a common question  i hate it  i don't want to talk about money until you're ready to make
singing bc that's how i found out about her i vote for  on purpose
vibrant green against the dark black rally make this pleasure sign really special    just need lights now!
you hope to retreat to your office and work in relative silenc    more for aquarius
be careful  procrastination is a thief   it steals by the second  the minute  the hour  the day and eventually a lifetime
omahan in benghazi in faults cia station chief s stand-down order via
they do  i'd much rather watch the rebroadcast of chris hayes' show  which is what used
here's to a new season with our neighbors across the dan ryan  the world series championship
provisional arrangements for disbursing oil revenues from the development fund for iraq  244   mr straw attached a revised ipu
i think i piss everyone off when i get in a lift and press 'floor ' lol sorry i can't walk one flight of stairs
% in a month is very good  % was annual  don't play jugular games with numbers
shit   rory is in trouble at the th   he has about ft for par after a horrible bunker shot
senior test engineer for automated testinghttps// bv hq
blowing kisses your way  hope you're having a kind of day!
with in disarray it's time for a pro-globalist opposition  voters need a choice in //
will see until then not sure if to what my eyes are seeing was so much writing for this
true but  i don't want us getting killed on 's against the rockets  i agree w u on the spurs
interesting  how do the numbers look for jordan and other tribes with flags in that part of the world
let's get it done! tons of people saw the sc post over fb  hopefully it'll continue to spread!
new on ebay!! pokemon psa charizard! reverse holo box topper legendary collection s1 no res
don't be too quick to judge is the theme of my short film  gofundme campaign
encinitas woman dead after turmeric iv infusion - kgtv abc10 san diego
a quartet of local talent brings the jazz compositions of george gershwin to life in a brand new episode of  the
of course  you want to be recognized for your contributions on    more for pisces
dur ags [top th] [0 out] [0 balls] [0 strikes]     no one on [p carlos chavez] [b jesus vega]
trump donates months' salary to interior dept   offsetting 05% of proposed budget cut
lmao i remember watching that okc gs game last year in reg season and being furious at currys performance
i was trying to make myself think i was straight so bad when i was legit tweeting shit like  i'm not gay but i want ___ to sit on my face
i've done this routinely  pta business  political business  and even just as platonic friends getting together  i
something might not be an accomplishment to you but it is to other people stfu &amp; mind ya business
how are the benefits as regards investing way in tucson disendowment homes yet method upon probe a lay fee? udwtl
today i've been getting friend requests from 'mafikeng boys' ^_^- keng ka bana bako magaeng today   le utlwileng ka nna ? v
thanks john for the great support keep doing good stuff and making a difference ~russ
can anyone tell me whether or not to play the walking dead season first before i do season for my youtube channal
got an impressive service to promote in ? let us help you get it noticed
erica scoville and her husband mike never thought they'd be trend-setters  but the richland  washington  coupl
portraits as reliquaries - vessels containing a splinter of the body  as a way of transferring divine eerience
new music rayce - one for me (prod  by popito) jebons record newest artiste  rayce has releas
driving around hunting pok mon  reading smut  and eating junk food while enjoying the lovely sunshine
prince jackson just paid tribute to michael with a tattoo of the king of pop of the many tattoos paris jackson
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect have a great wednesday
in today's trump updatetrump warns china he is ready to act alone over north korea nukes
ok wise one  so how did we end up here coz dearest gordhan was at the helm  implementing ???
good news  original decision of metro to have platform level entry has been eensive  as trams have t
new post (codecanyon | campusly - go to the events you love with your    ) has been published on -
it showed gossip network users got news or headlines from those networks  that's not  their news
i won at los angeles stage with points! challenge me now![]
get ready for v everton by via
hallo chaps  just to say that i saw in aberdeen last week and very entertaining they were too  well done!
official winners are still a ways off  but i submitted my clean beauty awards
thank you to all who attended our demo today! if you missed out  next saturday we have a sennelier watercolour pain
upon further review  it was just me  still no better way to describe this administration
amazon  big basket  grofers get nod from centre  set to invest $695 mn in food retail
can't wait for certain people to get the reality check they deserve when they leave newport and they aren't the hot shit they think they are
well i fell back in love again and got burned again  can't be mad for genuine emotion  no regrets  so glad i have a supportive family
a lot of my art friends don't talk to me much  i don't approach people online a lot because i am afraid of scaring them off
i added a video to a playlist grooming tips every man should know | men's grooming mistakes
how did the editors think this was worth sharing? this apparently isn't the only video they've made
asks  will make someone happy and follow today?  own it now
+ sleepless nights and nightmares  the changing moments  03am   it overcame me  why was i alone? where was everyone ? where was my +
guest lecture from phd student kim wilson  microbiome and colonization of the gi tract
jason x by independant horror artist jaystead79  get yours now from maniac masks on etsy
wow  the hotel new york - stories galore of new beginnings
all those smilesand tears i store in here a multitude of sins won't let them out you and me were something
appeal court strike out ize iyamu s bid for ballot recount
you are trying a new approach to doing your chores today  you     more for leo
he ainn say  we just want  he said  i just want  das yall fault for eectin niggaz to follow in his footsteps
what evidence  deleted emails can be retrieved  what is the smoking gun
american bilingualism was portrayed through positive  patriotic characters on   thank you
we lost the funniest man who ever lived today in don rickles  he's your favorite 's
i've entered to win a dead silent custom pc from   you should too! did i send this one yet?
a try to make a way for progress to an place where peace and progress is most needed now it's their time to use thi
you can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo    more for virgo
wire cutch stars on d  confident hits will come
i am dyyyyyying at the responses!! y'all  honestly!! if we know anything  we know jesus has some cooo
this saturday tune into deeper than music podcast deeper than music podcast interview this saturday - pm we have
/ and he's a vaccine conspiracy theorist  who defended that stance in a nationally televised debate
derek hudson's best photograph a death squad mercenary stops for lunch in el salvador
arrogance  for it will help them since the number of passion and one final result in our country that passion in
sexy  downtown penthouse residence project coming along beautifully
cannot disagree with that the taker roman story could have been told in a better way
you are my brightest star  the ray of sunshine that illuminates my days  the glow of the moon that illuminates nights nights/3
djt is trying his damn best make r country a better place for everyone!but ppl like rice that lie&amp;che
no ob codes for just or in ahca! that offers a reason for why obs aren't treating during pregnancy!
sigh     too bad it won't  it's hard to not give up on our justice &amp; political systems
i legit had one of those notes posted to me through a different postal service instead of them attempting to deliver
saint francis (ca) - lb in the top prospects for the class of per !
dark souls iii dlc the ringed city pt27 - pyromancer rematch &amp; revenge     via
these are the cosmic waves you've been waiting for  so grab yo    more for aries
also i really don't want to disparage people because of their age  but when i thought it couldn't get any worse  he spoke in voice chat
itscuteust magnus saved him and when he saved him immediately he was the first person to come to see
my hand hurts more than my wrist i really think it's just sore and swollen cause i can move it all
zerohedge stockman warns  'stimulus-blinded' mules don't see what's coming at all
if theres something i miss from homsetuck it was the excitment of my notifier showing me there was an update
feds abandon effort to force twitter to identify owner of anonymous anti-trump account
just over ` under they are underway at aintree where class chaser blacklion vies for favouritsm
funds are available to help your wv find sales
chicago court rules people are protection from discrimination under the civil rights act!
so grateful i get to sing in your amazing shows-it's changed my whole life  when we meet someday  eect an awkwardly long hug
this $btc call was useful  many trading ops off of that level  i don't have a view on $btc at the moment
yr2 enjoyed visiting st mary's church to eerience awe &amp; wonder  thank you fr marc
april  the servery hatch was fitted today  there was also a teach-in on the various heating  lighting and
agreed  but in the general  even hrc would've played the po
with   save the date for spys nd annual gala heroes !
and finally she decided to change her story and step into a new one   i just came back from my
event von heute 00 uhr long live the king!
massive and beautiful  this city's true wealth comes from its deep and long history of
my favorite thing about all of this is there are people who genuinely believe this is a good thing for memphis basketball
new book argues we're becoming addicted to social media
yeah sounds good  just added you on twitter so you can either dm me on here or on twitch if you prefer
you said isis is funded by us  etc   but so? muhummad was  funded  by jews before he threw them out of their own ho
i liked a video black the ripper &amp; jeeday jawz - swear down (afro samurai)
nurse built her own hospital more than  000 miles away   in her former homeland in west africa
guitar gods on now! buckethead - imprint (dedicated to takashi miike)
i'll be delivering mugs this week to anyone in the philly area who interested in purchasing
i love u all friends    because friendship is the only circle in which a person can share every type of secret ance again love u all  ba by
gohmert claims ryan  priebus ruined the freedom caucus's meetings with trump
not long until easter! let me know if you need easter cupcakes or a celebration cake
i lowkey can speak spanish   because me and my spanish customers be having full conversation  laughing and everything lol
leicester city stoke city  craig shakespeare writes name into premier league history as foxes revival continue
wind mph sse  barometer 10 in  falling rapidly  temperature  f  rain today 0 in  humidity %
because employers n big busines get loop holes to txge nd sve monety re employeescas rights are removed
yup striking out democracy with every tie-break on bullshit bills that can't even get a simple majority in a majori
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
tyler gogan just kissed my cheek and said  i can't wait to go to prom with the sexiest person in the place  if that's not game idk what is
didn't know  in alt right land means  won't acknowledge existence
'shark tank' investor barbara corcoran reveals her top productivity tricks
you may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power     more for virgo
'unparalleled' number of dinosaur tracks found in australiahttps//
give it time  bill; after hillary's  reset  and obama's  behind-the-curtain dealings  it will take a b
check out my broadcast from my playstation ! (call of duty  black ops iii) live at
geez you haters seems to have a direct line to twitter just asking how did you get so fucking stup
it's official the united states is a dictatorship trump and republicans do what they want voting is null and void
you are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel    more for aquarius
it's not long now until be sure to come and talk to the team at stand c290
he got hit in the neck by a pigeon  but it didn't stop him from enjoying the rest of the roller coaster
ya know what most animals are cute so i'll just take that as ur calling them cute
why do girls choose the bad boy type of guys man? i mean  in real life indi sya bla sadya charot hahahaha find a decent one  charot again
way to go story about our gym and our trainer in today's lapresse!! way to go delphine cadaux
i'm a freshman in college just trying to grind and make it out in four years
orthoindy employees are getting started on building a home for a veteran this morning! we love working with
razbliuto  is a russian word to describe that empty feeling you have for someone you once loved  but no longer love
being gone for hours isn't really that long  though i've not logged in for days  &amp; no one noticed i wouldn't take it personally
what is nomvula mokonyane doing about the lesotho highlands water project phase ?
i am sure that reasonable arguments work well with the blacksmith brexit bunch
that's how fucked-up our thinking has become because we're conditioned to compete for the attention of men  kadiri talaga sobra
poetry like prose style sitehould women stay home or what does this womensbible say
historians are unsure when april fools began-possibly thcentury-new year's day moved from april to jan1 w/adoption of gregorian calendar
part ! so much more to see! come by soon for the best selection   over titles
new edition of ipl under new administrators no cheer leaders no bollywood tadka
'no one's going to listen to a bunch of old southern confederate apologists beating on their god-hates-gays drum'
found a transponder snail!candid shots of the straw hats on their new ship!
(to kushina about sealing the nine-tails inside naruto)  have a little faith! he is our son after all!
this person nearly took tye front of the car off forgetting they had a trailer on when cutting in
your life is a study of extremes today  on one hand  you're in    more for virgo
as opposed to saudi arabia who would kill you for being gay  horrific places  yet we are prepared to support one
nothing like posing as someone who values freedom of information and telling someone to
crumpled ! my raku pottery crackle glaze with copper carbonate (reduction)
you are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now  and     more for aries
america s syria strike  on verge of military clash  with russia   pm medvedev
accident cleared in on i-45 nb before   stop and go traffic back to telephone rd   delay of mins
nonprofits helping illegal immigrants took $291 million from taayers via
if you have the space  adding a mudroom to your home can be extremely useful  having a  drop zone  where you can
we'll be on your lawn holding a jukebox over our heads until then
res
russian connection podesta $35m deal  hrc &amp; bho plutonium deal  &amp; bill c speaking $ with russia ! every time!
/6/2017 30 am no precip  temp pressure 39 winds rain 00
sky rocket your business with the marketing rule of   learn more
galvanized votive holder is perfect for your indoor or outdoor entertaining
the spaces are irrelivant  if it's the same letters / numbers in the same order no matter where you put spaces it won't work
tropical cyclone phailin and weather on earth from space more
ik / i havent done enough research on obama tho to be able to contribute much to a conversation ab hi
tigers wing defence needs some work  that's /3 tries to the dragons cause of this
particularly frustrating because u know a big reason is to prevent homeless people from sleeping and resting which is fucked up !!!!!
no   you are wrong after   india is talking about pigs a lot  pork is going to be nationa
i never understood his role  like i understand there are supporting characters but he didn't support shit  and he b
as we are learning the obama administration was very corrupt  he was trying to break americ
you can win the battle but we will win the war!!!s/s'17 dropping soon
starting at pm  tomorrow's lunchtime talk will focus on stubbs's 'whistlejacket' in room
but good lord this morning was the first time i've ever resented the special snowflakes and keyboard warriors this much
florida blue is pursuing an internal communications strategist  based in jacksonville  fl  apply
44 bst temperature  c  wind s  mph (ave)  mph (gust)  humidity %  rain (hourly) mm  pressure hpa  falling slowly
i don't want to worry you but in this spanish tv show they say you're a liar spanish fake news
but it's also around finals so i knew they had homework and stuff to do especially since we
being a cog in a larger set of gear works might upset someone     more for virgo
i just entered to win a copy of a short guide to veganism from you can too
new post north korea fires ahead of trump-xi meeting
thanks for being high value members this week  much appreciated
tornado watch for the wtva weather authority viewing area in al until 00pm  track it
did you get the link i send you? hope you like it and i can publish it very soon! just waiting for your go
planning on graduating &amp; participating in may commencement? reviewed this checklist? tomorrow is a big deadline day
great to see tourism in action supporting communities and projects
robert  just a note to thank you for following the only marketing and business you will find is a lot of talented young people
living with depression is a constant battle  never forget you are worth the fight!
when the power goes out and you're in a room full of dead cats and you find out there was just an earthquake that you didn't feel -----) oh
happy rd anniversary in service to god and humanity bro soriano! may god bless you more years of faithful service
nude model causes stir in australian butcher's photo shoot
yet another cnn anchor tries to make fetch happen  hint
legal aid of north carolina could be hurt by president donald trump's budget proposal
st day in    swip airplane ride  nyc   first thing you do in get pizza  and
-income earners are left with fewer affordable options
congrats well deserved!! one of the best s players around!!
gute spiel  a good team performance    now get us some goals too    see you on wednesday
prayers up for the innocent lives lost in our condolences to the families who lost loved ones during this senseless attack!
you may be licking your emotional wounds today as you replay r    more for leo
thank you! have already inhaled a maccy ds in manc and will be doing the same to a domino's (+ ) when back home!!!
atleast once a year  it's wild that schools smaller and with less money than us can put on these big concerts and we can't/ won't
happppyyyy birthhdayyyyyyy     btw you're totally snoring rn but i'm too drunk to find my camera app and record it
close in on ' ultra-long haul dream - the japan news
gunslinger to druid  you plebians will never reach the top of the glorious mountain that is my aesthetic -chan
found a transponder snail!oars comes back as a henchman of moria?!
is this news to you? stay current with all the news from asu and earn pitchforks toward great rewards!
petition for a picture where eva smiles (where you can see her teeth!)
is a family event and is absolutely free ! venue  tbs   onikan lagos date  sunday  th april whisper to a friend !
let the game begin!!
go back and review this talk from last years ps  powerful stuff! the price of priesthood power
too many companies understimate attackers or are blind how they operate/attack  you will never defend the right way
pak ambassador to us appreciates students to serve community
picking a game for my next world record wins  just checking the who i have to compete with
i loved the first one  with the ratings most followed by san junipero  i thought the weakest was the soldier one
what are investors thinking?! insights on priced rounds
if that's true you're really going to need some strong - better attend
delighted to accept our award for outstanding entrepreneurial achievement in banking and
precisely one person went to see shia's movie in the uk  this is not a joke it is just a fact  it grossed british moneys
stop by brennen elementary for the crosshill community disaster awareness event from a-noon  the first nazareth di
a handful of patience is worth a bushel of brains  - dutch proverb - here   $ell/ uy
it's as if you're stepping out of the shadows and into the lig    more for virgo
meet the hiv positive beauty queen crowned miss congo uk (photos)
you might have plans for a peaceful day of rest and relaxation    more for cancer
tony please give us a mention ann &amp; david carrick brother and sis love your choice of tu
the show isn't even out! don't spoil the story
india believes in globalisation  not protectionism niti aayog ceo amitabh kant via
pretty sure we just ran farrell out of town with his team on pace to go unbeaten  good to have baseball back
all across the world members are playing a game called fuck with the authorities
if you dont   chase em you replace em   why you hating and taking credit for something that didn't involve your opinion
it's too early to wake up &amp; but nevermind merry tuesdaaaay guys
since i suck and i can't match a picture of mine and one of jikook's not even once  i think ill do one with jungkook and then with jimin
ap fact check trump's islamic state claim goes overboard (from )
neanderthal artist revealed in a finely carved raven bone it just needed to evolve like everything else
shocking images of dogs/puppies sold/cooked in
shortage of job candidates with fluency in data science requires major changes by universities and employers alike
junior ruckus with free deck of standard playing cards
and if you don't think hillary is a better candidate than trump  you're an asshole
$hbr $vwhat can those with eq lower scores do to improve their intrapersonal and interpersonal skills?
as per usual it wasn't at all  eected him to use rotherham which was lazy cops &amp;
you might be surprised by what i chose as movie of the week on
therefore  we are ambassadors for christ  god making his appeal through us  we implore you on behalf of christ  be reconciled to god  2cor5
you prefer to work with others now as part of a team on a larg    more for libra
sir jack brabham was born on this day in   he remains the only driver to have won the wdc racing in his own
missions place is where the global church meets your local community  learn more about their model for partnership
should investigate these officers who are allegedly abusing their positions
as an old guy who's been a hockey fan since [redacted]  i say without hesitation this is one of the b
lor scoota would have killed that kodak black - tunnel vision  on god i know he would have bodied it  i can hear his voice in my head
silva  delph  kompany and the tunnel row all included in the highlights of guardiola's press conference
peri     xander peri! it's not what it looks like  i can ela- peri i'm sorry milord    xander peri no-
trump i think we ve had one of the most successful weeks in the history of the presidency   who has been in office for only weeks
wcif malia's pose?
check out my most recent video uploaded on
great night talking ball with
has made provision of rs 466 cr in budget for free medicines to all patients visiting govt hospitals
kimani ichungwa thinks that the more he mentions raila the more he is viewed as a hero in house of mumbi  bure kabisa!
somebody breeeak it uuup  she was scared after talking all that shit  he was right idc
news eiland a different dog for spring - it s assumed  freshmen linemen will redshirt  everyone under
grassyknoll - bex alert - pro-isis group draws up  kill list  of us targets  threatens trump
you can arrive at a more accurate conclusion on your own than     more for taurus
highly anticipated big-reveal health-care-bill disappointment  courtesy  rya
very hard choice  all fab! they all have us in tears  so did tom tonight   mo to win for me x
no mention of oliphant  ramatlodi  i keep hearing pg and dh for his part in tabling a motion for the recall of the pres
is an annoying whinny wimp all he can do is whinw whine whine what a sad loser
eeriencing blogging block? then you need these tips and tools  via ann smarty
i see you  weekend! it's been an extra busy week playing catch-up at work so i'm looking forward to a little down
inches from doom are these the luckiest people ever?
economists  ceos are upbeat on indian economy via nmapp
no i have to go to south carolina cause my family wanted to pick up and move  but we still own our hous
is now run by youth frm ministers to opposition players  we need to learn a thing or frm
fun fact the cylinder has to be frozen  otherwise it loses its integrity and crumbles off
the ambassador must stop spreading fake news  kenyans don't support nkurunziza  period
i was implying that the internet community has minimal privacy as is  and is now it's eed furthermore
lozenger8 you know when professional writers say   we re not writing fan fiction ? my immediate reaction
here's our angle of dante exum getting fouled (no call)  landing on hip  and having to run to the locker room in ob
i think young thug is handsome lmfao   i use to think he was ugly when he came out with stoner   maybe it's cause i like his style idk
a simple mood change could turn your day upside down  pulling     more for cancer
we want to take a time out  to pause and share some exciting news that we have promoted dennis as our manager at
scherzer throwing straight balls is a sight you don't see very often  mike maddux out to chat with the righty  but he'll stay in the game
islamic state taunts trump america being  run by an idiot  isis has finally made its first official comments
it's as if someone turned up the volume on your emotions today    more for aries
lebron james haters united  cool you have little a fan club to hate on him  that's a lot
to be honest  it's been on repeat in the office too except for now  'cause i'm listening to
jotaro wont run away from people he just hisses and scratches/bites  not even because he feels rly threatened he just doesnt want to move
i woke up crying because i had a dream patrick and spongebob performed this big elaborate memorial thing because gary died
very poor from ozil followed by more abysmal defending  what a joke this team are
good morning  don't forget to drink your water  be positive  &amp; let go of the things you can't change  thank me later
got some good shots of at the studio today! taking orders now hmu!!
it's seems after today's revoke of a politician from no fly list  there is no law for vip in this state
i've just watched episode s13e128 of plus belle la vie!
lol they fired so many people! but they hired them back! you could be a flagged like inglish
the resurrection of eddard ( ned ) stark
yasss it's time for a great show stefanieis2h4lwaking up is hardhttps//
my best friend () is turning in a few days  could you follow her as an early bday gift?
that is so cute emilia and edwardo are going to be a gait help to the new babyi love you x
last night i cried tossed and turned  woke up with dry eyes my mind was racing feet were pacing  lord help me please tell
does have anything new to add  when we heard her repeatedly? views challenging hers aren't aired eno
trump could be the unlikely saviour of syria as he puts his missiles where his mouth is
you want to dig in your heels today and resist change  especia    more for libra
donny wants the national enquirer to win a pulitzer prize  lol
just like okc thought he legitimately loved us  our view is like wow he could just hop out
hon'ble co-operative minister shri alok kumar mehta inaugurating silver jubilee foundation day of astric group of c
recent initiative aims to promote mobile innovation in   address growing demand for apps
bassrock19 shared this with us anikasleem cosmicbrace human4animals ckarr2 mistyrosemb calminsensehypn sarmstrong
dear  please gag the commisioner  has he ever watched a game? just admitted he'd never been to st  louis? walk him out
venezuelans march after opposition leader banned from office by via
communication with family members and friends may seem constra    more for libra
keuchel was filthy  fitting that it's a groin problem for felix  considering we seem to junk pu
hi ! whenever in northern italy  stop by our winery and have a chat &amp; alchemic wine sip  cheers!
lachouett interviews catherine doyle  author of the ya blood for blood series
tough loss for the suns but what a game for ! a career high of points and a near triple double against beverley!
new task unlocked un-jumble the oneplus slogan to win cr
the best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today   -h  jackson brown jr
do you even realize how sick it is to tell someone to kill themselves just because they posted the song on twitter?
i am tired of lgbt+ characters being killed off by fucking white women  im sick and tired of lgbt+ not
the fight thing yall did awhile ago but with ur dogs vs everybody elses dogs  and why urs would win
this employer got hoisted in effigy by anti-trump protestershttps//
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island   and my score was
i almost let him go last round  too much coin for low output  glad the aikae stepped up haha
posted a new song  hennessy got me in my feelings (love  laugh  live)
u s  house of representatives make melania trump stay in the white house or pay for the eenses herself - sign
so  the f*cked-up idiot driver who killed nice people aboard a bus was texting while driving
nigerian pilot at long last accomplishes his life-long ambition of becoming the first african to fly around the
so in your logic treasury will sign a deal before it even exist because they provide a guarantee?
it's astonishing how many ppl go km's under the speed limit in this town  ugh
it's okay to have an opinion  but it's wrong to make it fact
if i get pikin like me wey dey use idle time lose ceiling fan then i will engage u
closes the doors to the cupboard clenches onto the penguin and prays for her life who knows whats
i am very sorry to hear this news &amp; loss  my sincere condolences to family who face loss  death
beautiful  amazing friend can make you laugh when you need one  great sense of humor&amp; a very carin
coachella inspired - mermaid halo eye makeup tutorial | manny mua via
once again  publication can be by any means (anyone)  info was restricted because it dealt with issues
anyone know where i can improve on this team for weekend league?
relatively pricey einstein letter fetches $54k at auction a letter from einstein to a physics teacher written

that's what i keep telling people  i'm obsessed with the island
from now on to partner and monetize youtube videos you will need views - fstoppers
no end to the bastards' bastardry   whoever voted librat must be hanging their heads in shame
goodnight someone dm me something rlly nice and sweet for me to wake up to bc im always down in the morning love ya bye
only days to go till our easter sunday show at we can't wait to see everyone
so great that you included one couple that wasn't  bachelor nation   there are so many of us over   kudos to ellen and drew
the answer to yesterday's quiz was you can tune a piano  but you can't tuna fish by rockers !
first day off in a while and feeling so very proud of all my amazing little froglets in company!
you have to be the most dedicated person i know gareth  please claire don't throw more thi
i get this error message everytime i try doing a debit card txn since days
enjoy a luxurious holiday on the bustling island of tenerife source travel
trump doctrine  don't fuck with trump! finally a strong president that doesn't play with evil fuckers
is dark matter hiding a mirror world? |     -
i'm gonna try it out and see how it goes  persona has such crazy shit going on at all times  and so many branching paths
so this week i'm bringing back a series to my channel  i'm excited to see what people think  long time viewers might be able to guess it
% (5/6/5)moves [rock smash | crunch] city [westmont] timer [074922am]-(20m s)
an overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you     more for taurus
palmbeachpost  com &gt;&gt; miami dolphins  nfl draft class an epic failure  finally gone
editorial try something new during westminster restaurant week - carroll county
i used to watch it everyday over the summer when i was in nd grade  i would eat min
announces single  east coast  feat  releasing later this week
jones new york sport w shorts blue pleated womens nwt
lightningasic wants to hire lawyer to challenge bitmain asicboost patent
you still doing the hud quote thing?  couple inches makes a big difference   just throwing that out there
i have signed! have you? i have checked to see where my rep stands  have you? this is so important!
race over   gutted for   next up bsb!
i can't tell you why by eagles at
retweeted safetypin-daily () solidarity sundays women resist trump with monthly activism
hello  can you dm us your mileageplus number so we can take a look? ^md
but i don't know all the contours of the landscape around the river  just the little rivulet offshoots
nfl players team up with veterans to help make a difference in the world
cuz i just talked to my dad for like an hour about a bunch of stuff and one thing was that adhd means memory problems and his mind was blown
hyungwon   likes to touch your butt   makes noises     i like messing with you     lazy sex
haha and peculiar a lethal combination
'free speech' is a blunt instrument  let's break it up
swedish greats release  i dreamt music  via ! perfect s goth vibes &lt;3
i'm raising money for help with startup business  click to donate via
some punctuality and some care for the customer well done and team -
some girls really be puttin out to the point they become a hoe  eecting a prince with open arms to come sweep her off her feet
this tea tastes like garbage but if the model on the front got a snatched waist ya girl about to have one too
navys on radio disney | i vote for  work
leicester's league form   will they make it   in a row v stoke?
i am not ashamed  hannah montana hits home with some of my emotions
i feel like if i
projections on ecuador election based on province by province results  but it's close and could get closer
that's odd  you can try another browser or you can get updates on our status line here   al
to after many years of controversy  the government has finally requested the peter nygard apply for permits
people who wait to have kids until they're ready are confusing  everyone has the ability to pick up trash and yell while no one listens
every persona game takes me months so i bet i'll still be stuck somewhere and screaming with you when you start
omg thank you fixed the sideways error!!! noggin entertainment
no dumb ass  i mean what i said  you speak for you
for sure  just take a moment whenever you start feeling stressed and think about that moment standing i
how many more children must die before assad is stopped?
we had that once in portland about years back snowstorm  late refs  faceoff was after 00 i think
new  gabriel conte video you guys should watch it it's beautiful
i hope all of shaq's entourage and family is making fun of hi
thank you  this was the wrist i broke last year  had no idea flare-up was arthritis/lupus-related  may
thank you  i appreciate the kind words but these kids deserve our best effort just like we want to see theirs
trump needs to stop tweeting on flynn and shut up  he started this mess looking for a way that find something on obama  how that working
as long as they are there for a photo-op he's cool! how long you have served? o
home sick today  due to having to work thru a tummy flareup yesterday  which means it didn't really *stop* -/ now waiting for dr to call
this mother's face after delivering an -pound baby says it all
lol sorry you guys swtiched to a new depop page   so you're going to get a little flooded with postings
wow   they look incredible kk
nah but in all seriousness i quite like them  but i can see why people wouldn't
vote ' jack ellis up for cj athlete of the week award presented by
upgrading your approach to sales with content marketing via
top best commercial aircrafts in the world  largest passenger
fashion blogger veronika lipar of brunette from wall street sharing how to wear red and pink in one
chase after me  as a panorama that rises into view far better than a choir  a shooting star will sing now  shine upon me  spica
trump can pull money from his businesses whenever he wants   without ever telling us
claudia cardinale brushes off furore over retouched cannes festival photo | read by telegraph
microsoft advises windows insiders to check their settings ahead of creators update release andy weir of neowin post
i wouldn't mind this sitting next to one of my monitors  ?
am i the only one who immediately thinks about reading noah's ark?!?!
republicans change us senate rules to clear way for confirmation of trump supreme    by via
you are a force to be reckoned with wherever you go now  and     more for aries
jee why not we have farmers relief fund scheme for state and offer government employees to give one day salary in this
yesssss!!! i just got home and it's going out tomorrow  also the $100 cash is going
remember them did the last - so yes  'they' do know who you are!
sorting through my pics    there are so many!!!!
lift up children my alma mater  the ohio state university  will be offering summer camps for stem (science
you're feeling a sense of professional pride today  stemming f    more for scorpio
i trust the codes to our nuclear weapons to teenagers before i trust them to a democrat
check out new! yayoi kusama pass case dot yellow strap with reel japan f/s via
well come well done to unearth eating of poor cause dhan looted 'dream project 'd9d poor 'sa
tha muffukkin move!! come out and see perform live!! shii finna b
seeing as hasn't been off the box this week  my son and i decided to make this
mourinho  the way we play at old trafford  dominate opponents  play in the box  i think chicharito would have scor
if you just call it the affordable care act instead of obamacare  you'll probably be ok w/ it  call it trumpcare &amp;
the movie  napoleon dynamite  only had a budget of $400 000   jon heder was only paid $1 000 to star napoleon
at denny's and awkwardly listening on some guys conversation about cosplay for wondercon      lol  what are the odds
a3ut your bills on auto-pay so you don t miss a payment &amp; pay down debt to % of your available credit to boost
i know i say this all the time  but seriously wes is the best person i know i'm so thankful for his kind self
when your old coach still keeps in touch with you and says  still one of the prettiest swings i've ever seen
found a transponder snail!exclusive profile those who follow their dreams!
t1 two ground outs and a liner back to the mound give ladrech a -2-3 inning in the st  bears grab the bats for the first time today
today's training schedulethursday th april - u12 girls football from 0 to 0 at the scarvey  u7 boys
the nd ac on this set literally slaps the sticks on the slate so damn hard every time we're about to go in i think i'm going deaf
a happy and a blessed wednesday morning to all of us ! god bless us all always    keep safe adn !
same when i went to the purple rain celebration last august here in la  everyone laughed at this part lol
bitch  dont make a fckn twitter  message me about ur man(my e that hes fcking arnd  subtweet me all the goddam time  &amp; wont fckn me
rubio russian hackers targeted campaign staff twice
apparently  trump told russia about this well before it happened - and even before congress - so they weren't exactly surprised
today's lunch menu chef's special chicken &amp; waffles bbq sauce seasoned peas grill special hot ham &amp; cheese sandwich xtra strawberries
chocolate mousse anyone? made with aquafaba and even better than my st attempt
to play a wrong note is insignificant; to play without passion is inexcusable   - ludwig van beethoven
maybe private properties shoudnt be iterated over since thats literally how they break
my heart goes out to the victims of this heinous crime against humanity  i also condemn those who show a blind eye
in the meantime  clear the cache of your browser and try again  should same thing happen  kindly use another browser or (2/3)
fliss kitson (the nightingales) top favourite drummers    - louder than war
hi! do newer versions support special features? i m still running an older version for the now unsupported videoextras addon-thanks!
do you ever feel this way? do you want to keep your energy going all day? take the plexus day
happier people are raised by parents who do important thing  according to science via
the only person i agree with is treach  no jada? where's his sister? why didn't his sister do the speech?
should have had bananas ! come back and we will make another one on us!! sorry x
just a thought  you should add an alarm clock option to the app so users can wake up with their favorite music
praying for your husband and family i know these hard times in our country he is strong i am ready to come to dc and serve with him
newport pagnell weather conditions 00 temp  c wind   at mph max today  c min today  c rain today mm
in your opinion  which actors deserved national award for their performances in the last years?
america like   no adverts  but paid by donations &amp; not tax    subscription due
biggest inspiration rn is hands down  goes to show how far being yourself can get you
one guy was hoping trump kicks out all mexicans and builds the wall when he himself is hispanic  people hurt my brain
is everyone in minneapolis as hung over as i am today? woof  degrees in mn on a saturday is some dangerous shit
this hour we host a great young couple  the kinara's who are sharing the testimony of their marriage
and here is his  beyond vietnam  speech  given on this date in
don't have a dress for an upcoming formal or promstop by cinderella's closet april th from pm-8pm at the /12 cafeteria
says while civilian deaths skyrocket from us attacks under
awesome scope! i think everyone can relate to some degree  i would never guess that you are an introvert  really?
first he thinks gays can be converted  now he's joking about sexism  what a peach this guy is
pls keep voting for the queen to win the money    we can do it bossnation
loosening up a bit now after looking a bit stiff early  match took a lot out of him coupled with recent run
being or is sad! just get on with your own lives! just enjoy the franchise
- bengaluru cops' twitter handle in ethical storm - economic times
you crack an egg into a softly boiling whirlpool of water that has a splash of vinegar and let cook for minutes
when uk rappers talk about  fighting demons   they're talking about chasing the ptsd caused by the boston tea party away
they do exist! you were looking in the wrong country! found them in a  gas  station in california!
well then he better get busy making more babies so he can populate more cabinet positions with family
i'm minding my own business walking home from an hour shift today at work and a bird decides it wants to shit on me  how lovely
on the other side of things  we get to enjoy this  it is a little big for me but such a great
just because i tweet something doesn't mean it's relevant to my current situation   my tweets are a reflection of my thoughts  not my life
luxendary harry potter inspired always design chrome series case for iphone plus
people in your immediate environment may be the cause of emoti    more for capricorn
and as with game there's no mention of edition  fe
i just entered the dream kitchen makeover from word of mouth by and you should too!
maybe it is time to admit that should be joined by to better the
elanation today during our meeting we started talking abt old schoolprojects so maria showed us her presentation on masturbation
custom color cetic ribbon gold circlet head by dawnhilldesigns
earthquake - m   mindoro  philippines -04-04 5848 4 4 km a
straight to the army learn to do battle go back home get your land back live like you want
former steamers fireballer still giving out free gas  even against the big leaguers!
jesse williams calls racist 'cotton' promposal 'destructive dumbf**kery'
at nbc news  trump never be a popular figure among  americans   so where is this  popularity declines   coming from?
the dogs are gonna pose nicely whilst i take a picture of them through the side mirror  right?
uw-madison scientists collaborate on ultrasensitive detector that pinpoints big problems in tiny
you bouta get blocked  no one is rude to my friends  and you just really triggered me by being rude to daniel
god sent trump to help us and to save our country! and we elected trump!god bless donald trump
awesome things to do in brasov  romania via
a grasshopper? because i dress in green? hilarious you fool  bet you've poisoned it too
you want to dig in your heels today and resist change  especia    more for libra
benefits specialist - brockton  ma   us pls rt we are looking for benefit specialists to
everything you need to know about working with felt - tips and tricks from shiny
i was reminded again today that if a doctor tells you something that doesn't sit right  trust your gut and get a nd opinion  always!
the looks great!! well done for
such a wonderful day! just having a little quiet time  before i head back for the finishing touches
i love that they start with these contrasts so early on its good character building
a new built subatomic particle detector has been unveiled in japan  scientists will use the machine to recreate the early state of universe
god life ministries int'l donation in epworth    powered by dorcas initiative partners
many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up  - thomas edison
pcs nice end cap beads for leather cord jewelry fit mm charms golden curved
found a transponder snail!get an inside look at the flashiest crew around!
hindustani classical vocalist kishori amonkar passes away at   funeral at shivaji park today
omarosa gets married at trump hotel see her wedding dress
las vegas restaurant files lawsuit against local eatery heart attack shack
testimony thursday- please share with us the amazing movement of god in your life  past or present
guys luke wont write my history essay i offered him my eternal friendship &amp; a cookie &amp; i thought it was a good deal ////
girls night with my bestest blonde     to all of you winning at right now
when it comes to selling out lands of both &amp; were complicit in the last term when they were allies (2008-13)
to celebrate autismawareness day i want to win a mr tumble with lights and sounds via and
[mordialloc] snorlax (m) (iv %) until 4458am at bradshaw st
seeing him run like this  all the weight on the outside of his feet  makes me want to hug him  can't be a comfortable way to live
found a transponder snail!oars comes back as a henchman of moria?!
i just earned the 'reach for the sun oberon (2017)' badge on !
join tonight at p m  on facebook live or !
that goal by benteke though  fam  one goal since the new year and does that  sold courtois bare dreams
ready for a beautiful day of saturday baseball  go orangecrest!
apparently he is a  level   tech support  and will be sending me on to  level    buckle up  gang  gonna be a bumpy ride
the united states house of representatives and the united states senate stop president trump's propo    via
i know lgbt people are a protected species in the liberal media but we can't cover up scandals  we need to investigate
i liked a video from this sniper should be banned    (unfair)
'copyright cortex' - looks like lots of my favourite things in place  copyright  open content  non-traditional publishing
would love to try next vr  have the oculus rift though  any idea on when we might see it on the rift? soon i hope!
another christ representer at one of our events! this is our triblend dolman top with rhinestone squared cross
i would have to ask  i know it's been a few years for her  but she did get back at it pretty quickly  what does your surgeon say?
take the kama sutra  how many people died from the kama sutra as opposed to the bible? who wins?   frank zappa
i have a probl
the limit does not exist dating a human venn diagram  part
today    teddy sheringham  debut making league appearances scoring goals
and agreed--before  officially  becoming ali--cooper hurt ali bad &amp; all u
she loves yoga and meditation and says ever since she started yoga she has less stress and thinks it is a greatttt method
i'm all for saving time! throw in a pan some roasted veggies from yesterday's dinner  some fermented tofu and
repealing obamacare will cost $350 billion  who's going to pay it?
more cash to help find killers who murdered kansas city veteran just walking his dog
kathrada memorial is a rally for zuma to fall? many hace fallen &amp; even their memories are lost in bid to remove zuma
good luck to as he tees off at the in a few minutes  big moment for the golfer from southport
the politicians -animals are dancing on the street of pakistan-aam admi are looking at them-and then look in the sky in search of god-
found a transponder snail! i'll never forget you!!  local cook sets sail!
ron clancy's phantom recon woodlands
the quickest way to do many things is to do one thing at a time    christopher westra
i honestly hope and pray that people know i use emojis ironically and when i sit here and shit tweets out with the laughing emoji im not fr
thanks for teaching us how to be a
happy birthday wish you the best and i wish this could be your best bday godblessyou and your family be happy and positive
it's always awkward going into a make-up day and having to elain to the teacher u didn't learn anything in class and that's why ur there
happy sunday to you to
i liked a video t o p x uhm jung hwa -  d i s c o  in sbs gayodaejun
this could easily turn into world war people in hours or days y'all better pay attention
white house wealth trump employees disclose their finances via
and yeah  a therapist will tell you the dame thing  but aso give you tools to get that negative self-talk out of your head
nice! i'm glad it's good  never understood why people needed to hate it before it even came out
agreed  where the fans are there is always opportunity  where is business de
thank you mr president for showing the world america will not be weak anymore!
unboxing a birthday present given by with my future cousin
all ey
you have new job matches! any jobs within mi  of las vegas  nv us
looks like our girls are having an amazing junior year!!! looking forward to being a wildcat mom!! ho
will stand forever the greatest innings by a sl batter overseas alongside aravinda's at lahore
found a transponder snail!what's inside? mystery barrel's shocking secret!!
hope your friday will be as awesome as i plan mine!
the latest the  we're all connected  daily! thanks to
you know  one of my friends she faked a headache an      lmaoooo  that's funny asf but mean
25 bst temperature  c  wind s  mph (ave)  mph (gust)  humidity %  rain (hourly) mm  pressure hpa  rising slowly
i reference bannons interference here  not macmasters  but what mess will mcmaster find alre
as the ohl draft approaches  here's a look at how last year's top pick  ryan merkley has developed in his rookie yr
you're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi    more for gemini
the heart of a soldering station the csi premier w soldering station is a low-cost unit that has a lot of fe
hahaha  you can't sit with us  don't care  i'm at the cool table mike scooped you  get u
never in history was the filibuster used against supreme court nominee so sit down &amp; take it
kite pharma (kite) gaining after presenting at aacr this weekend -
working extra hard isn't a problem for you passionate scorpios    more for scorpio
what's wrong with the world?? it seems new way of terrorism is to drive vehicles over pedestrian stay vigilant!
give me a great sign that christ is returning soon to rescue his believers  ok  here's one
don't let your fears hold you back! click here to find out about this great opportunity!
saastr podcast  scott friend  managing director bain capital discusses why payback period is the single mos
issues of self-doubt step out of the shadows if you run into a    more for aries
i was asked about cum inflation recently and didn't even realize i made a piece that already has it  one of the weird things with scheduling
walmart eands recall  now includes dozens more frozen food items  here s an official list
el cerrito larvitar % (5/1/5 - rock smash/crunch - slarge) til 2200(27m s)
is elained by     men work more than women source
trump is literally the truth of sarcasm  he's being sarcastic the whole time only he isn't being sarcastic? man he's strange
so there are bombings in st  petersburg and you are more worried about fake surveillance?
tried to send a video of me eating a huge burger but found out it was completely raw on the inside
my bad  new twitter made it hard for me to notice you were replying to the idol toku tweet  that one's real
oh whoa  oh whoa    is it noticeable? i mean  really noticeable? i would like to keep it hidden  though
nothing you ve ever given has gone unnoticed  every sacrifice you ve made  every time you stopped to help someone  god saw that
to anyone who thinks it's a joke  adult swim is actually livestreaming the new rick and morty episode
live keith whitley - when you say nothing at all - now
canberra city a blueprint for current a-league eansion hopefuls | joe gorman
kogi govt inaugurates steering committee for world bank assisted public sector governance reforms and development
thanks obama for saving us auto industry! psst  donnie  can't take credit for others' work
wowwww  i just can't get past the fact that you enjoy soggy pineapple juice filled pizza
your success is tied to someone else's dreams while the sun's     more for pisces
congestion on the through e/b j29 to j27 arkleston &amp; j22 to j19 anderston x - looking dreich so
major kenyatta ruffin addressing the nsbe jr members at the pre-torch awards banquet
so tired of feeling like shit all the time  miss being able to stream regularly  feels like i'm constantly cancelin
since when does a president need to 'consult with congress' to use the powers he already has  that were granted him in article ?
in general  having hoes is no accomplishment  but his point accurate  dude gotta work for it girls don't
found a transponder snail! i'll never forget you!!  local cook sets sail!
calzona was achieved by chemistry  made jessica part of the cast and that is not seen every day
turkey calls for no-fly zone over syria   president s spokesman
can t wait for this show! heard a lot about it this week when dan was here!!! get hypeeeed!
yeah they are likely to tell him that right now in our situation  what a load of crap
kanpur man prevents bank robbery by spitting gutkha into the eyes of robbers  gets bravery award
every cm should do what u p's cm is doing in order to stop cow slaughter!  _ _
when you thought you'll have a doctors apt all alone today then he shows up to the doctors office
we're here  we're ready  let's do this
get some airport wifi and tune in to vs - game on right now and ig are dominating!
pearl west nears capacity with another office lease add first american title insurance company to the growing list
aaron hernandez could potentially wiggle his way out of his double-murder charges  --
hi dear cristin
i just re watched seeing it ringside n now my computer screen
awesome day already started with key notes!!
there are two kinds of people i don't trust people who don't drink and people who collect stickers  (c  handler)
it's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate    more for pisces

what happens when he's the bigger threat to the woman &amp; kid he loves? nowhere to hide
why not media raising questions to youtube for video which had been taken down for no reaso
our on the  change-agile  organization growth through employee empowerment
collect your from  com for more check the link
b4 denham springs   zachary   tyler jackson doubles in run  but brock batty gets out of further trouble
this is by far the best thing bobby has ever tweeted
one of the greatest and original props ever  the skyline money tree  they are very rare and players literally
lol she got upset and her and the people she was with walked away from me  i rly feel so bad for some reason even tho it never happened
omg ! this is a beautiful and amazing song  i'm crying
hi guys  i can't login to icity with the my email address  it's saying my password has changed but i haven't changed it   /2
it could seem like there are invisible boundaries in place tha    more for aquarius
thank you matthew have a great weekend xx
it's now way in line with what the ui apple uses in itunes for the longest time
icymi is magc the bad cop  rob pelinka good cop for la lakers? w/ &amp;
you aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your    more for virgo
best feeling is when you know you're gonna wake up on your birthday with your bestfriend right by your side
nigerians just can't pull off something without any form of partiality or foul play   bbnaija we dey watch una
the world hears sign of the times tomorrow ! how does that feel?so excited for you! pls follow  370
hi  on -7 feb   the independent uk published my legal
once u took office u r responsible for everything that has happened on your watch &amp;what will happen because of your ignorance
rt ipfconline1 how will unlock 's full potential [via evank
today is my frnd prudhvi raju bday   he is a diehard fan of u    plzz put a tweet wishing him d wishes   hoping u will reply
better than paradise and pista house  not sure of shadab  hyderabadis swear by its name  well  hope
data 00 pressure hpa temp c hum pct wind mph sw rain today mm month mm snowfall today snow depth0
ikendrick has grown  sure  is it possible that he could still be at the place he was when he used bw as a metaphor for capitalism? yep
album to commute by - 'wood/metal/ plastic/pattern/rhythm/rock  - gritty riffs from nyc! ihttps//75
why it s dangerous to date mr   good on paper
this argument about families scrapping to pay for private school is a very weak one  but ppl will buy it anyway
and shoving chocolate chip waffles in my mouth when i was half asleep
at some point  how did we fuck up a slam dunk in   and how do we start doing better?  is necessary
damn  i lost or misplaced my dark souls xbox360 disc    i was gonna give it to my coworker since him and his kid were debating playing it
graded unit was all fun and games when we were doing the activities in placement now it's a bloody carry on writing it all up
*  the food is to die for! *  gorgeous style and fragrance!  *  my face tastes beautiful!  * (    these are all mettaton )
not many of us can imagine an honest and good man when they see someone sleeping on the street  at least not
you are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel    more for aquarius
now a lot of the budget going on huge pfi payments from that time and will continue for very long time
yasss it's time for a great show biggayjohnbgj ended up in hospithttps//
the brutal seal massacre started two days ago  this is a victim of one of the deranged zoosadists   clubbed to
even if you didn't agree with her views  you need not have used such language to prove your point
severe thunderstorm warning including newton ms  decatur ms  conehatta ms until 00 am cdt
pcs m modern flowers hand-painted frameless on canvas wall art oil painting
well  this is the way i see it  if they're thick enough to work for the nra the chances are they we
we are forging a path to make homelessness rare  brief and non-recurring
rejected baseball game ideasnolan ryan's punch-out mark and jose's juice 'em up david ross dance dance revolution
mate you can't even spell her name can guarantee she's doing much better in life than you ever will  dickhead
three new trader joe s stores are set to open in nyc this year (via )
ya but if u dont know what items to buy then no point hahaha but i prefer marksman tho   glass cannon
i love how fanbases and fellow ph army coordinate to report the current situation on variuos ticketing sites  taob ang gma at abs
early rd2 he may be available  i doubt anyone wants to move up to   so i don't see this happening   just dreaming
china's xi has one big message for donald trump chinese president xi jinping will likely
now we are playing unknown artist - track on hillbrow radio the only radio that plays more african music
year old girl draws pictures of her life with blind cat until her parents let her adopt her
love u more  wtf the guy beat his (now) ex gf and now he was caught driving drunk  do you understand that he could
white men must always be saved from their folly in trump's america
free dirt free delivery all bay area services bobcat tractor
and it's not the ryu's fault  it's the poor officiating of the that put her in this spot
when you're a straight female but you and your guy friends still stare at ass together
today is a sad/sick day  lord knows i'm not showering  i'm not leaving my house  and i'm not talking to no snakes
big gift for this team spyder title registered officially for spyder fix ayindi pilla fans now
dead victim opens eyes  &gt; media goes quiet as russia ees us lies at security council
since my style has become almost exclusively tshirts and jeans/shorts i can't fathom some of the style trends i see in person or online
how awesome would it be if    came back next episode
sometimes  periods of peace and prosperity lead to complacency  god uses individuals  good and evil  to make huge
steve  i live for myself and i answer to nobody               towering inferno
good morning however believes in christ romans 1 i am speaking the truth; i belong to christ and i do not
from this thursday the uk government is cutting support for third or more children in 'just about managing'
you aren't yet ready to round up people to help you bring your    more for virgo
this boy is everything i've ever dreamed of
another tweet that can't possibly be backed up with any proof  most sane americans
congratulations to sra and third-year ra hannah sheppard on winning our department's highest honor  it
the  loser side  of the gop is part of the swamp he
i know what you're trying to do   you're trying to kill me so you can take my ps4 and anime so you can
a lovely day to think about a break by the sea &amp; new forest at this lovely holiday apartment  perfect all year
hi simon  we're sorry for our delayed operations  rest assured our agent is doing his best to get you on your way asap  /aa
a2-yes  i have  imagine all my hard works !!
very good quora answers  i was very demoralized by the bay area's cost of living  unfriendliness  tech monoculture  inequality  &amp; burnout
that's my biggest worry   i'm not sure of the problem not to talk of answers
yeah it helps in a lot of ways  and it's easier to find minutes for twitter than hours to write a post
organization seeks to give men  brave space  to discuss spirituality and healthy forms of masculinity
investigate this  evm scandal in m p vvpat receipt shows vote going to bjp    by via
how do look this nightmare of a photoshop job and think  yeah lets go with that one
one more!
i sure hope so  otherwise pence will try to make us a dark ages theo
great effort by this week  looks like  a great year ahead for scottish ladies golf  a great finish by shannon mcwilliams today
-clap u hands now wt on whenyousaykennisyouthinkmusic
green good morning green hamlet and eggz  lol? i'm in only i will be having the green eggz-n-hamlet
chemical attacks are wrong  chems  don't seperate children from adults  its frelled beyond anything else
keys to technology in and self care -  make it simple to try  easy to track and fun to testify   says
ferderber russell peters's 'joke' about young women had no place at the junos
this is ludicrous  phantom menace was loved and lauded long before people started tearing it to shreds
i just checked in at and the bar doors with download today!
23 pm eastern  f bp29 6inhg rh71% se mph(light air) gst2 mph rn0 01  rntdy0 01  hrrn0 01
we don't need media to uncover how stupid you are  you are doing a fine job being an a$$hole w/o their help
when im not with her i think about chilling with her but every time i'm with her i have nothing to say to her &amp; i don't wanna blom with her
only team worth watching on your network not airing in hd tonight?!?!
you are as steady as a rock today and people close to you feel    more for aquarius
i see he had the caps lock on that day  so he must've meant business!
i was gonna buy it for me and the mrs to get into since we finished minecraft  wan
the devil stay testing   cause when you chase the pussy it s a sin but if it falls in your lap  it s a blessin'
just a dorkasaurus spending all her money on youtubers' creations
mark zuckerberg launches tools to fight revenge porn on facebook and instagram
seems like no matter how much we try (if at all  really) to avoid /foreign entanglements  govt 'finds' a way to get involved
i try to change myself for the better my friend in prison wrote me another letter he said you better quit flippin cause everybody snitchin
gary sanchez is not hurt  greg bird is not hurt  this is what im saying to myself  i dont want all the baby bombers on the damn dl
found a transponder snail! i'll never forget you!!  local cook sets sail!
very timid act whosoever has done it  if one wants to prove his or her power  wh
it's filthy and absurd to use the  in the name of god  motto to justify any act of violence that certainly stems from humans' own impulses
very people who demonize putin+seek the president's destruction(hillary clinton  obama+global corporations) armed+t
people are ready &amp; open when they are ready &amp; open  throw in timing  it's no use to fight the pace at which things are meant to go
tasty hydration with zero sugar and calories! for the chance to a years supply of zero go to
saddle up  partners! there's only one month left to enter this year's enter here
it's like the new scoobus doobus but it's just mickey mouse abusing his dog and telling everyone to die
season is fast approaching  if you re getting hitched this year  say to the   not
reasons why your business should consider blogging in your marketing strategy
i don't think so but i just did quick match when i played  i'll check it next time i'm online
today is national   how many of you will be adding some exercise to your daily commute?
we've already had our say  we had a referendum and voted to leave with or without a deal &amp; become independent again
and another shout out to my man for catching up while i was stacking bills!!
joe schapker kills wade stenger after he fills up on skyline and takes a heroic stand against of projectile disfunction's finest
miss u both     we r wtng u both        champ             come back soon
dnald trump is seen on a tape describing sexual harassment  he's president i guess it doesn't make any sense pisses me off who thought
you thought you won ? nope  but viki did
i read something about an elderly trump voter who's being negatively impacted by new policies but w
the oc all-star football game will be cancelled this summer  very sad news  worked extra hours help fill north oc roster  but all for not
i need to sleep!thanks dear lord for the saturday!i'll be back just in time for the reports! i'll be very receptive to spoilers this year
just did    nothing particularly interesting  though several platforms where i didn't register my name o
class a cdl - route delivery driver job at mclane company - lockbourne
haha yes  my fault   i was too slow  all sold out before i could nab one  if any become free let me know!
good news for the future democratic bangladesh who they are waiting for the light at the end of the tunnel
in the office now!! stop by for a treat while supplies last  are the best!
even within all systems gods and goddess found perfection unattainable for most (7
where to find pot growing cannabis outdoors in maryland arizona dealer
birds of the same feather  flock together  i'm just glad that o'reily's hold card has been peeped
it's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu    more for aquarius
harvard  teach your subjects not politics that fit professor beliefs  you are becoming unprofessional with dark clouds over your campus
what are your favorite plugins now? something that you use regularly and makes your life easier?
there are many places where you can buy hardwood flooring  one of the places is in your local stores  you should vi
archaeology society meeting to discuss 'archaeological fakes and frauds' - foothills focus
cuarenta y dosi vote for &amp;  just hold on  lets just hold on sign of the times
chuckles   reputation would've been good enough to say  prince er  king  just because shortcake said it doesn't mea
mantap soullll  canadian singer  songwriter and pianist
guess didn't read all the way to the end of your article  no jeff kennett mention
just focus on the people who are positive influences in your life        and alvin  even though he's a cunt
what's with audio rewinding over feed constantly? happening on feed - reallllly annoying!
meet the obama holdovers who survived trump s clean sweep
he said i could lose you  but he didn't mean it  it was just to make her feel better and t
true man the quote tweet to fuck people's mojo up was sick twitter jail though god damn that's too much tweeting
a female will try to capture the best electric type of developer niantic's north koreamapping region  making the first appeared
she was known as the most dangerous chick in town  she stole the hearts and souls of men &amp;&amp; left them questioning their existence w/out her
whets fans appetites with classic tune 'nuzak - olowolayemo   cc
no you are not the only one world war three has just begun  american bombs a falling in syria
im not making border runs for you this time! no smuggling insulin  like after you hijacked that tof
wind mph nnw  0 mb  rising slowly  temp  c rain mm  humid %  uv   solar
at least long-tailed ducks still today but no further sighting of redstart &amp; no richard's pipits since thursday
afsac dangerous goods continues for the th day  by on
just incase you were having a bad day  watch this video of a baby fox learning to sit

april   at 22am tritech sells gemini is to str subsea technology &amp; rentals ltd (str) has purchased tri
you may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power     more for virgo
i need my chocolate fix this easter - enter to win a hotel chocolat hamper with

at this conference  there were lots of tweets about early intervention + non-prison  non-
animation wise teen titans was probably one of the weaker films but it was definately a fun watch
ur another misguided by design libtard who blames trump for anything from falling stars new sea m
dont think youll see galloway in an efc shirt again  loaned out cos rk didnt rate him  l
if you feel you're a victim of unfair  character assassination   to do the same to others is a horrible and disgusting irony
completely agree with porky's thoughts re the cock/rock paul burrell in heroes and villains
what's a hatfilms??  a group consisting of a catfish  a pillar of salt  and a man with dog vision
yes  for that we respect him that doesn't mean we should behave like his slaves  cricketer &amp; mp duties
creating a tight agenda for the day is only one piece of the p    more for pisces
same  i'm
the only place i have felt at home  really at home in thi
arctic ice photos from nasa flights are beautiful and fearsome - the mercury news
gingrich  idea that somehow nunes is  more partisan than schiff  is baloney  [video] via
celebrate easter with the awesomeness of god in this years   powered by christ embassy
i just want to know how tories keeping getting in over lib dems  greens  ukip  labour?? people really believe
flawless rancho mirage day  hope everyone is having a great sunday!
yes well i went to visit my grandma but i kinda stood out because of my colouring so people came over for a pat!
to me he sounds like benny hill  our baptists are nothing like him
presence  malik     it was only a whisper and within the next second  she finds herself smashed hard against the wall  her
lol not buying into the russia hysteria and supporting trump aren't the same thing  nice try  tho
i'm so used to hearing you talk about anime on stream etc i didn't realize anime newz was a new thing unt
turned into for animals from fur farms &amp; circuses - harassed by veterinary inspector  support
paris management circumstance sparks new questions period osborne conflicts
are these plans still valid and what will happen if i recharge for today ?
the best hockey team in colorado plays again saturday night   and so do the   plays in finals at p!
listening to tomorrow's set list  hopefully i'll make it to church in time for the sound check at   big truck small crew
hey thanks for the follow! your rock3 steps to linkedin authority! report
is he still making his one argument about how liberals can be dicks too? really thought provoking stuff
sportkings series b mark messier new york rangers single memorabilia card
ive been dead but id like to say i love clay jensen so much and i finished rw i cried several times watching it
omg i checked earlier today and it was like away from k  that's amazing!
the yip yip aliens invade yuri's night at the great lakes science center!
never stop dreaming &amp; we'll never stop su4ting u  like u said gether we'll rise!kisses shinesattradelaunch
turnpike traffic alert on pennsylvania turnpike i-76 all directions between exit - us and exit - i-283/to pa affecting no lan
going down to brighton to pick up my race pack later but first a breakfast meeting  the beach is calling  so not in the mood for business
shots fired at the capitol; brits send divorce papers to eu
after my internet came back up and i called them   they said everything was fine on there side but it wasnt
your unwavering resolve might be the key to putting things bac    more for taurus
[wandering the halls  this feeling of being lost is so so familar  but no one is there to guide him anymore  it's been a long time since +
she'll take the th just like lerner did &amp; nothing wlll happen  nothing will ever happen to anyone involved with obama
i also would like guts to strangle griffith homer style guts why you little-
awww the lovely john sergeant doing what he does best -speaking the truth! yep we did win in our own w
whatever you do  whoever you are and wherever you are  we will treasure you until time stop  gtjy
boy and girl arrested on suspicion of plotting school massacre via
we're having a single steak  rare  served with a glass of milk  followed by four fig rolls
are we gonna make it? [ayana ending] - miniature garden (let's play) via
this is so true though
agreed  though i still maintain that reid should have called the gop's bluff and forced them to keep try
the ticking time bomb that will wipe out virtually every pension fund in america - via
base recap stunned by winthrop's three run rally in the th  drop -2 decision tuesday night
either interviews from this build area is hugh build james is creating towards against xmen types side  ian satan
i am just a girl  standing in front of a boy  asking him to love her  my all-time favorite quote from a julia robert movie  haha!
hghhhg doing laslow's and selena's supports is bringing back a lot of bad memories of the fea fandom
imagine if i got to show tyler my jim carrey tattoo and he lost his frickin mind
embracing your best means failing along the way by
are essential for business  when did your have its last
if you don't want to go through to website to make a donation  you can venmo me $1 katiekatcurious
words    also been ! why are her &amp; zero's college records sealed? hmmmmm?
trying to remove assad against the will of millions of syrians  will mean this conflict will continue indefinitely
review father john misty mixes humor  classic melodies on 'pure comedy'
tuesday  30cet -0
it's am and your wife's water breaks  do you have everything ready? here's a list  just in case
happy birthday to may your music continue to bring    by via
luke kennard is the latest to leave duke  deciding to turn pro and hire an agent
where the history of hypocrisy will change   world will know that muslims provoke peace and sincerity not betrayal
thunder bay &amp; winkler - new  concerned persons  support groups starting! this group is meant for people who have
coverup! refusing to report lying spying collusion to attack our democracy by unmas
could really quote all of tbh  life lessons all throughout  drake is on another level y'all  if you don't know
after trumpian threats to end us funding of un  this should not be uneected reaction  p
he gave an indirect free kick from level with the pen spot  he gave it for encroachment after thei
here is your women's spiritual retreat brochure! - for more information  visit
follow into the wild blue yonder in a carnaval print !
i hear ya  tammie  but  is a big voice here  i respect her  but  sh
el-p's  i'll sleep when you're dead  turned   wrote a wonderful retrospective on it
the th matrix is now on ! support us in our mission to share + promote great indie films
just trying to raise awareness that items earned through the club remain locked in-game for some of us on pc  thank you
you're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi    more for gemini
gonna have to rewind it back start listening from the very beginning to stay woke  so fly gonna be lit again lol
retweeted martha perez () broken heart will appeal to readers with a passion for drama and
how neurotechnology is helping the san francisco giants train better - psfk (subscription)
you put those three - lucic  larsson and kassian - on jets in exchange for say ehlers an
- in    dhoni finishes off in style  india lift the world cup after years  - in
how company culture can make or break your business
memes you should send to your childhood bff right now
% of gop believe  lack of willpower  elain black-white racial economic div
normally  you're more than happy to go along with a friend on     more for sagittarius
the sdf and southern front were making good progress until russian airstrikes started r
remember this? in   terrorists tried to frame assad for a gas attack so the    by via
ed was last talent show contestant  he amazed w/ his performance of the star wars song with his nose
-04 mischa barton steps out amid claims her volkswagen will be repossessed
your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push    more for leo
we like it too! and are very appreciative of our overleaf advisors! thanks for your advisorship!
i just added this to my closet on poshmark sketchers slip on shoes leather  via
my pussy is yoursss  click here join for free live show
just when you're at your breaking point    you break through!
congrats to this beautiful soul for being accepted to chapman and fit  there was never a doubt in my mind you would
oh i might be sick after seeing pk so much on finale  what an absolute toerag  give me strength
thanks for joining us deborah! how was your food &amp; service?
he talks about geo politics  macaulay  the hidden british agenda  the way ahead for india  brilliant and courageous
it's important to keep in mind that i'm talking about the  free hate   when the person in question did nothing against you
fear the walking dead  season  photos from the premiere [spoilers]
dont give a rats ass if reporters like our potus we can just flip them off with our remotes  t
couture  thornton out indefinitely as sharks gear up for playoffs
really?!? student admitted to stanford after writing times for his application essay
found a transponder snail!a tearful farewell the going merry's last voyage
sb whiteside strands one runner in the top of st  burton  llamas  &amp; demora due up for

thank you! i think cleanliness is what helps  clean pillow cases  clean towels  clean water to wash your face with
may god bless you &amp; keep you in this time of lent  pray for your enemies  eect epiphanies
sweet! on another note  how can you  malcolm and now jt be gone with
songs for the dark times we are living in  including the best new protest anthem  now on spotify
especially if they control oil  syria play is about control of oil shale reserves  which extend known oi
regardless  you speak of dems  changing rules   once more and with fee
i come to this g platform for acoustic guitar covers and the occasional bach violin concerto
it's okay  janina  we're fine  you can take your time  no one's rushing you  we hope you're fine  too
right! or look at your phone after you haven't touched it all day and try to read and article
and those stupid bitches  if you think you can do better than   eect to see your name in
definite scumbad vibes  like he'd hit on your girl and steal your smokes without even looking you in the eye
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect have a great sunday  &gt;&gt; want this  ?
today  is eighteen!!! i have followed this girl for    i'm really not sure how long  and today she is finally an adult!!!
paris accord is bad  very bad! kushner is not the president! ivanka is your daughter  i get it  but she not presiden
midas whale chalk up every colon start against the mets as an l  hopefully that's only like games
smtv live intro via ahhh that theme tune     the trio are back together   years
we'll stay there for month  but in manila  from may to may since im attending the concert
thank you for making me unbelievably happy  you deserve all the best! i hope you're well  take care  follow me maybe? 44
thanks for the amazing spread at the montgomery county energy summit  (&amp; for being a county green
who knew solitary confinement could be so satisfying?my eerience recording audiobook of my debut novel
in all these steps iran to respect its neighbors but turkey dose not respect what very strange for iranian people
who you reporting this to? even us cops have higher cases than us  sasa hii
thembang fortified village
sprint's commercials attacking verizon pretty much mean i don't ever want to use sprint  getting very very old
we're headed for ya boston!   can't wait to see everyone tomorrow!!
a popular pizza chain going organic! that and more in today's ag and energy report
if i can do my life over i jumped for joy cos that how i feel now that revamped will take care by itself
hole - th par - place to get some momentum &amp; pick up a stroke for an end of the round run
do you know why dont have the game live cant afford foxtel really disappointed
and may means may -  do not eect a soft introduction  of -  you need to be working on it no
financial limitations can drag their negative consequences int    more for gemini
plastic eating fungus found in dump  may provide path to biodegradable polymers
eus 22 pharaoh charged all his people saying every son that is born you shall cast into the river &amp; every daughter you shall save alive
playing now   je te demande pardon   by alchimy on station   tune in now !
one thing would change england's nhs for the better  and only this one thing  a proportiona
at least i know when it's out on hhour  you guys can't conplain  lol
did you know it's national diy day? well  we've got you covered if you are new to using an embroidery machine?
you want to dig in your heels today and resist change  especia    more for libra
boston celtics tradition championships boston garden gold coins
simeone (coach atletico)  i'm more proud of the draw at barcelona than the wins against real madrid
i have some surgeries next few months even latest the fall as doc put it  which means traveler events may be on and
sexy political thriller w/dr bette porter
i've barely been drinking lately  (who am i  right) one glass of wine with dinner after work  and honestly  i'm toasted af hahaa
well  i accomplished literally nothing on my to-do list today  it's a long list  too  i'm hella proud of myself
on the set of  the general   with and buster keaton
last night at the bar everyone was wearing a similar outfit to so we asked them what the event theme was and they said  biker
say you got a condition and you've been cumming since you were still good right? asking for a friend
please someone tell him and his supporters this they don't get it they just don't or they just don't care period
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
frank checking emails  donate to make positive change n shine on darlins
never a long line at register   love my h-e-b! (at in round rock  t
one of my old dumb spongebob videos suddenly blew up and now i have  000 more subscribers and almost $500 in earnings  huh
followretweet
the future of content marketing predictions you need to know - michael brenner ceo of
a life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing   george bernard shaw
this storytelling is getting real good now  heart and soul not giving up  body is  great stuff
congratulations on your new role as  s national leader!
and cost america  $99 billion! not really fair to the us
we have a lot more stuff planned than we initially thought i promise it's gonna be worth it
new brunswick common front for social justice inc  years celebration     via
you can trust the messenger yet still distrust the message
readersgazette rt douglaswickard review excerpt  the author knows how to light your fire!  a novel obsession
of course you have flo rida with you tonight  pitbull
see ya angieslist  you just lost two customers  have fun being sexually harassed by
steampunk ear plugs w/ rotating gears l surgical steel - sold as pa
sometimes your commitment to fulfilling your obligations is re    more for taurus
what a great week of banking
i just discovered this on poshmark final price!!! floral print heels  via
i mean if we're being totally honest im usually either wondering if my zipper is down or checking other peoples crotches to see if theirs is
mass affluent kiwis increasingly attractive to banks
older style beds with drapes were used to retain as much heat as possible in cooler months
a disabled air force veteran needed a job  so lowe s hired him   and his service dog
they'd have to support it since putin is allied with assad and dems clearly want war with russia
mr robert k c chin  the general manager of china airlines (malaysia branch) strikes a post with the ca
mt  there's hope to rise again  at the scent of water  the tree comes back to life
so true i had him last year and he literally called out people and told the whole class about their bad grades etc
i've even seen  fortunate son  used as a patriotic song(usually cutting off the lyrics after the first
failure to plan is planning for failure  camet your goals to paper!
wondering what the media outlets like yourselves would be saying if bush surveilled obama? and there is no elanation  liars
priyanka chopra becomes the second most beautiful woman miss india  after plastic surgery?
the financial bogus  sys was falling apart right now they must start new wars to shift blame zionists pigs r laughi
scrotus eects us to believe steve bannon was on the nsc to watch mike flynn because flynn might be shaky? steve bannon
watching braves at sun trust park  have to admit the view of the outfield skyline is rather lackluster
from chaotic to bizarre ukraine said 'no' to ebu_hq 's demand to let julia in but they're filming her
thistle flower maiden by alfons maria mucha counted cross stitch pattern
yep some of us  still run to the white man &amp; the atlantic slave trade  but i ain't no simp  i know white
this classic rock anthem is a tribute to the greatest day of the work week  friday!!!!
i stand % w/trump  just like you and millions of others! trump is working hard  keeping his promis
speech language pathologist - acute care job at preferred healthcare - glendale
thanks to for the honor! all of the credit goes to the players &amp; staff  great peopl
a bunch of wild flowers for the spring and for you! good night have colorful dreams!
i literally stalk everyone hate myself
what's past is past  it's what happened from before  not now  nothing more but a memory  sometimes looking back  but no need to turn to it
back when i straightened my hair almost every week and tried way too hard  who even is this person
before i even got this far  my   i can usually do a whole tile before the whole
getting closer  i recall mark meadows saying something similar before the ahca was pulled
exactly and we already see the support segwit get  unchanged for months
i just wanted to thank god for giving me the opportunity to have another great night working with the florida
death doesn't put an end to love  spread the word to support the idea of
just finished speaking to a counselor at   susan is the best! she went above and beyond what i eected
i pick my grand national horse from the names of the horses! //
if you're a white feminist who doesn't care for people of color or women of color your fake ass  feminism  is
above all  be the heroin of your life  not the victim   by on
at its core  flirting should lift a person's psyche and better the other's emotional wellbeing  without making said person needy
some helpful tips on securing the appropriate amount and type of financial aid for you children
we will be in the the wedgewood rooms this weekend making burritos for southsea beerex
- one pill makes you larger and if you go chasing rabbits and one pill makes you small and you know you're going to
_newstechnology on equal pay day  zillow announces female employees make $1 01 for every dollar earned by male co
nothing will deter you from fulfilling your ambitions once you    more for sagittarius
here are the top two misconceptions about obtaining a mortgage in today's market
customer feedback  very friendly and concise
apple-repair-london adobe's research team demos tech that could transform selfie photography
beachtourcamp in the oil city &amp; the venue is one of the few beautiful n cleanest beach in ghana;
early morning train ride to for looking forward to our topic  fake news
listen  all i know is kristine nielsen as puck in 's midsummer is inspired casting
retweeted t  r  ramachandran () ) denial allows him &amp; some supporters to portray his policies as
that is when i started  same system too  though we also did and the with faserip
sweet actor is playing bagpipe eating sausage roll  gary! i want some emmental fran ais est-central
/2 enjoyed the article- genuine q as i often have this debate and i argue along your lines that income
free sturdy loveseat  office chair (nampa)
get a second cat so they can play with each other and i can get work done i thought
he's good  shaky but himself  h
sometimes you don t want to wait until you get home to eat pizano s  we understand  by pete
up the blues! i am supporting manchester city when they take on arsenal - live on supersport  //
access latest recomm on management of risk in complex socio-technical systems
found a transponder snail!scoop! exclusive photos of the mysterious mr  !!
i mean    we wouldn't eect anything less from him but yeah  i know what you mean
it is really    f  c southern swiss alps thank you for p
eected today   have you spotted yours yet? share with us a picture of your !!
i'll give you a hint  watch your behavior over the last two years  that's being complicit
% of people believe sex is the connecting of two people's souls through two people's bodies  as one  the other % are men
i think all these grown ass people should def get out that year old s mention with their gross comments
fmqs holyrood erupts as davidson mocks sturgeon during referendum row | uk | news |
rep  rick nolan said his chances of running for governor are higher than -50
36 - trains diverted via seven sisters all day    otherwise a good service is running  rs
it looks nice but i'm too busy watching you to really worry about the set  you're the best tucker!
this is actually pretty re-assuring to hear for someone like me  who's working on their first book and feels like t
one person followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
j'aime une vid o de - the weeknd - i feel it coming ft  daft punk (rock cover) by janick thibault
ngileeerrr (with fadhlih and elnizar at mc donald's lenteng agung) [pic]
just in two ex-barclays traders cleared of rigging libor rate by court in london
our rd baby came when my kids were &amp;4-it's tough being outnumbered at times  &amp; i'm more tired now  but
you are twisting words check history books
all s fair in love and war  right? definitely not this time
but if a man can't sit across from a coworker at a meal and discuss policy bc he's too fearful of lit
will seeing everything that's white as racist never end? huge majority of whites are not racist! only a minority th
fly tonight by ylona garcia mumbojumbo
you've done so much this week  sending lots of calming vibes and tea and a nice roaring fi
i need to separate myself from everyone in the meantime while i focus on myself and do what i have to do
no you poor misguided fool  investigation will find the traitors
trump s support from dems on syria leaders criticize the president s approval process  not his military action
the democratic party have lost many supporters after showing how corrupt/deceitful they have become with their politics
i can't get over how fucken lit this was!! thank you you've done it once again!
this is so true from the eyes des  trangers  this video can now elain my weird face whenever i see a cheese
comedian koffi once again comes for kiss daniel and his record label - afro -
the fact that you liberal leftists continue to overlook real facts to fish vlindly for s
i'm just really want to see how liv reacts when she finds out what abby did
quick sketch of clover and maple with their core motivations  both come from different tribes in far off locations
i asked my kids today what color i should paint my nails &amp; they said pink  even thoe i'm not a fanbut like it for my i'm gonna go with it
years ago of today is the first day started to be one of our family  and this pic
how the future of work is not  jobs  | rudy karsan | tedxcalgary via
descending into uncertainty is a healthy journey today  even i    more for gemini
nothing is holding back your imagination now  freeing you to e    more for aquarius
facing a long night ahead - have lots of work-related reading to get through in prep for a report - bedtime end of newsnight at earliest
twitter is offering to translate your tweet from finnish  i    can't    even
i have zero respect for but she is not the current danger to our country
so it seems - is not about logic fairness common sense intelligence or anything other than an opinion that mot
federal ministry of industry  trade and investment press release april   eighty-one young innovators win
not too late to grab tix for tonight's kegs for kittleman event at jailbreak brewing company in laurel
-work ft with on
hot topics proper water pressure for pressure reducing valve
that is a very good point  i guess there are plenty of valid exceptions    where would you suggest as an equivalent  fun-wise?
as provides little normative guidance on health risks &amp; cessation for plw it's left up
what do you eect from the network that harbors valerie jarrett's daughter as a 'reporter'?
lmao that being sad i called into work today so i guess my goal should be to actually go to work
the amount of times i've heard  shape of you  today is unbelievable  bc i can't believe i'm not tired of it yet lol
crawl back under your rock you useless shit  - mm says he has the votes to scrap sc filibuster
tom smithies 'sydney fc joins forces with jmf to fast-track indigenous football stars'
raised in early hours of vimy battle  cross honouring canadians returns to france  via
power flashes and damage are being reported on the northside of goodman  moving over i-49  take shelter now if your
oh no indeed! we fixed our furry little friend
so excited to be collaborating with and for persephone!
you are special  but there are a few others   kelsey wilson from 'wild child' is really nice too
predigerkirche  the erfurt church  where pachelbel worked for years  starting in
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
check out mayan angels llama plush multicolor aztec san antonio stuffed animal guatemala
it was a huge weekend of football!check out all the highlights here -&gt;
in burton to host ladies' night to teach women about car safety
hm  not sure tbh  know hancitor used the ?showforum= path and these all use the sam
she's super nice though  and i think she's trying to get it all sorted out  but still freaking out
i wasn't fucking tweeting about you though which is why am confused as to why you're gettin so spicy about it
a sister's love when she's cut i bleed   and cut him! we may never know what caused solange to release her
video  hannity ridicules evelyn farkas for trying to change her story after admitting spying
the price of backbiting and slander is heavy - the rewards of one's deeds go to those one backbit or slandered
win signed copies or up to $10 in amazon gift cards from author steve turnbull via
so over the past two nights i really got hours and minutes of sleep in total just to bomb my exam    ok
you feel invincible because everything you do now furthers you    more for cancer
happy birthday   hope your day is as good as when we all slayed this ski comp
yea   but you didn't pay taxes on that  brady payed a nice hefty tax on that payday  so   you win there
as it is said from no arising  everything arises  in this very arising  there is no arising  jamg n j  mipham
retweeted the guardian nigeria () boko haram faction led by the son of islamist group s founder
loading
get a free consultation on your marketing  all we ask for is a chat afterwards  yeah?
okay  most definitely gnusocial i just dunno how to add people from other platforms  but he
trump s son-in-law in baghdad to convey  commitment  support  for iraqi gov t [r daw]
sally was stolen on 017 from orchard park  cambridge she is a black/white border collie &amp; is very much missed
what a great game! i don't watch much basketball anymore but march madness is always a great time to get back in
read jeremy bowen's piece in the - not online yet; just dropped through the letter-box - on mosul  us airstrikes are bad news
so says u can't stand &amp; obstruct view of its patrons sitting &amp; enjoying curry; while rolling stones is being played on stage
i didn't mind it  i seen it as a joke in how peter cushing hated his costume boots though i didn't en
my friends will always be my weakness lol   say what you want to me  hurt me however you chose but don't everrr try to do that to my friends
it's the lucifer effect  evil things tend to happen when non-eerts are left to their own devices
dude it's been exactly two months since &amp; i became friends how lame is it that i remember that?
ppl are always tryna start some shit on here  i really try to ignore it but it's impossible at this point just shut up already jfc
and all ppl wanna talk about is curry isn't the same how you gonna be in a shooting slump and still be top lol
hold the hell up! i'm watching black'ish and bow said devant  was the least important member of jodeci  i've never been so outraged
hint of a trump marijuana crackdown? dea probes colorado cannabis cases
classic! unc's student section at the ncaa title game isn't actually filled with unc students via
trai the indian youth needs affordable internet access - sign the petition!
is looking for a new head of loans and specialised finance as sean joseph departs
i do  i love starbutt
ich mag das -video victory! strike removed  green light for reuploads  wow
still upset i won't be able to see next weekend in austin  you guys are gonna kill it!
ncpc runs easter pilgrimage from april- may 2017
respect due    for me    had beautiful+nasty game in lock    everyone since is emulating
general manager - brockhole on windermere - windermere  cumbria - lake district national park
across a season where resting players for certain games isn't an indication they are so
lovely sunrise this morning  great to be out walking the dog
anywhere you are i am near  anywhere you go i am here  the argentite sea will forever light for you 9
so y'all really gonna act like nicki's verse in swalla was good? or that swalla is even a good song
as big a scumbag as putin is  he never said such a stupid thing  but this is why trumpists love him they imagine hi
turns out  the richest leaders in the world share this same philosophy  read more  from
the dirt  *you grasp the pickaxe  tears streaming down your dirt-covered face* i never thought this day would come  my poor son *suffer*
just finished celebrating for mississippi state women's game   i don't even watch women's basketball but oh my god
death mask / stay rad tees flying out! overwhelmed by the support from you guys  thank you  our lost ghosts family
congratulations kuki on reaching k followers on twitter  wants more to come love you fore
nss  more to it  to wit  the man gunned down  the bridge burned down  &amp; the phalick symbol nached down  belo belt - why ga dot not busted?
nah i'm gonna go back and binge watch  i caught a few minutes though  enough to see archie make a bad decision lol
i liked a video from second round knockout - pacquiao vs hatton full fight - the
madison baumgarner is the st pitcher to ever hit hrs on opening day
the kitten which takes a nap with sufficient relations with a hamster in a hammock
lol!!! doooooo eeeeeet  or at least try them on  it s win years of fluevogs week!
ebay won't let me log in so i can't buy the power rangers outfit    why do i feel like this is intentional?? -_-
how is digital transformation revolutionizing the way manufacturers share and manage product &amp; engineering design?
thanks to and for playing 'skin deep'! will be released this friday on
on sunday  will host and we will try really hard to bounce back against them  i promise  (3/3)
it's looking like a $20-28m opening  not sure scarlett's $10m price tag will be worth slugg
alexis sanchez needs to remain at arsenal  says arsene wenger
the trending effort for the day of thanksgiving of god's people starts now! tweet using the official hashtag
why 'no deal' broke the brexit committee - (blog)
decides to have a talk with trump on wednesday (coincidentally the same day that slimy kushner arrives back at the wh) to bomb syria
just watched the pepsi commercial and i don't get what the big deal is  but why the fuck is it mins and secs long? thats a damn episode
here's a great   use a bar to make a cool little magnetic car!
in in  for every $1 men makewomen earn   african american women earn   asian women earn   latina women earn   facts
i'm guessing it's either orlando or philadelphia because the easy answer would be brooklyn
no  i don't want to come to your cat's birthday party   freak  my dog is getting married that weeken
unlike my dog! if there's a puddle and he can't find a way around it  i have to pick him up and carr
peru floods and now the landslide in colombia  go to the red cross site to donate

when you're a lifeguard &amp; you just got done saying no running &amp; now you gotta watch these jokers fast
federal court permanently bars california man from preparing property appraisals
why would you reshuffle the cabinet? why change hon  fikile mbalula? he was doing a good job
c'mere honey  i'm gonna give you a massage  and it's gonna get messy  he lifts the mousey in his arms  taking her into-
goodbye pinned tweet btw catch on at 30 on weekdays
it's wednesday  we're half way through the working week and we hope that today brings you some great moments!
new legislation proposed to help end violence against women in
bmw -series (2011) up for sale is a xi with k miles  car has rare mineral
nothing is holding back your imagination now  freeing you to e    more for aquarius
wall vinyl decal quote sticker home decor art mural
i'm saying it's not that bl
roger federer prepares for his biggest test yet in as nick kyrgios threatens
everyone!
good luck to all the teams taking part this weekend in the cambrian patrol competition |
make health care simple  this is a great plan and you all can come out winners
man utd transfer news kylian mbappe wanted by jose mourinho as lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo's heir - metro
if success is not free  then pay with hard work  prayer and surrender to the gods who have given a very big favor
how you rolling through a stop sign without looking my way? i watched your head not turn my way   like i watched you
had issues with the android app today  had to relogin  also gave sporadic error of not finding mailbox and not loading
we are looking forward to it the exhibit is looking fantastic too if i do say so
music  god's love - terry feat team v i p ||
me hannah how did you burn your hand?hannah oh i was just trying to get fish sticks out of the oven
having trouble staying motivated? here's a free pass! here's your chance to stick with it
true! without hope  what else is there?
huck's  girlfriend  is the perfect rouge agent  she looks so regular - just blends in  she looks unassuming af
***purchase high quality hits here! www  make your mixtape or album stand out with these hot beats
fun is when ramjethmalani file a case against ak for not paying and then send l bill for each appearance
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
give me your penis
who cares ordinary citizens it's all a sham &amp; this act proved they all r same  dem our lives don't matter only votes matter
superman just made a generous donation  you can be a superhero too
u think   and what u think i m go n tooo due  pleasingly if our paths should cross privately and dis b
must not eat the easter eggs in the cupboardmust not eat the easter eggs in the cupboard must not eat the easter eggs in the cupboard
no one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people until that person decided to commit
thrilled at the growth and proud to partner with
always have something to say but back up what they talk about  you can't do that at all  either back it up or don't say nothing at all
you're really a shaking blabbering jackass paul  you lie constantly and never present honest thoughtful opinions or facts
hosting debate between smob finalists on /5/17  submit questions for debate at
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
the price of inaction is far greater than the cost of making a mistake  -meister eckhart
my fitbit for /04/2017  884 steps and miles traveled
jimmy buckets has never missed a go-ahead shot (of any kind) in the final seconds in his career
so thankful for a man that appreciates my love for baseball and makes opening day a big event at our house
i'm officially uninterested in mf's who claim to have so much loyalty and respect for me but stay in ppl face that i don't fuck with
we have go to stop ignoring our fellow leaders  volunteers  church goers     especially when they truly are crying out for help
fergie duhamel - daily front row's rd annual fashion los angeles awards held at the sunset tower hotel 4 2017
this is the weirdest fucking thing like yesterday he implied that he wants me and called me bae how
lock him up lock him up lock him up sound familiar jail u karma is going to get you payback u for going after
as we are changed by god's influence on the inside  we become more effective in bringing change to situations on the outside
has baggage  he is guilty of plagerism  he has ties to people being investigated by the   we cann
thank you  linda hennessey &amp; the toole family  for giving to my dfmc  we have raised $15 375 for cancer research!
so make your case  you're the plaintiff  we're waiting
the vision of a leader may be extraordinary  but almost all the work to get there is low key &amp; ordinary
i know many muslims  exclude kurds on this  sharia law is highly supported
racism and sexism define trump voters  please stop trying to get the rest of us to play nice with racist sexists
the best mornings are spent at the beach!
you can't keep getting a allowance from me and when they start fooling with drugs all s*** it's like when do i get my time
when your wee brother doesn't leave enough time to make lunch for his study pals  so you step in and save the day l
entertaining and topical speech from mr justice keehan on publicity in financial remedy proceedings
starting to run out of obscure french linguistic terms with as often as work forces password changes
this is pretty cool  i would totally take advantage of this  have mentioned this many times talking with fellow exe
yes we re classy &amp; real not fake personalities we have  even illiterates re confessing!
over million views on youtube! thank you fam from - it just keeps building! i am so
i can't elain with just words how much you mean to me  but you're the only one i'm afraid to losing and the one i want to keep in my lifej
ok what an i doing wrong? i have cleaned my machine  changed needles  re-threaded multiple
don't believe n  impressions  ? more people get c the name &amp; that can't hurt  either way
where is kilimani mums here be real stop tactic diversion when did real men become gossipers
just go listen to that  if you don't have spotify listen to their covers on youtube
just wanted to let you know  critical outcast is not going anywhere  just in a bit of a hiatus at the moment
every scientist claimed they had found the gene  which ended up just one likelihood of many
i added a video to a playlist gigamonsters | minecraft wallpaper speedart [001] (im coming back!)
times actually   first time he was married to sharon &amp; disappeared after an elosion the ac
i love that dak isnt in the club on a friday night in the offseason  he's just supporting his school being a normal dude  zeke take notes
love me or hate me  both are in my favor  if you love me  i'll always be in your heart  if you hate me  i'll
i saw this on the bbc and thought you should see it judge disciplined for offering to pay teenage girl's fine -
i'm joining the on april   to demand trump releases his tax returns  sign up to join
i'm joining the on april   to demand trump releases his tax returns  sign up to join
is this coach in waiting thing etched in stone? they r not holding morris accountable  will they hold dimare?
you're not the same person u were a year ago  a month ago  or a week ago  you're constantly changing  eeriences don't stop  stay positive
sublime evening  in church on a saturday night!
it's alright  you're doing fine 3
mike's ultimate mush was his prediction of oak beating tam in sb  tgen he blamed it o
that bitch crazy cause i woulda blocked you on day she then let it go on for years
we are delighted to announce that this month we don't just have one carer of the month  but two! a big
matt figger on austin peay rumors  i m a gamecock and that s the only thing i m thinking about  i ve seen all the reports and stuff
if you ask me what i came to do in this world  i  an artist  will answer you i am here to live out loud  - mile zola
~sighs~ i hate when people resort to harassment and lying insults when i know a certain someone did not make all those accounts
the winning bidders will work with hs2 on detailed plans for three brand new stations  at birmingham curzon street
you can't help but feel a twinge of longing when you dream abo    more for virgo
i love when people compliment my hair because ) my hair is me and ) i always do it myself and it means a lot to know it's not shit
he's been promised it twice  apparently this thursday  so we'll see  otherwise sky
a bit of advice never cross mason kane  ' warning order is action on top of action   get yours now!
girl i'm downnnn! can i be the one that be trying to kick some ass all the time
im pumpin straight coffee into my veins and getting excited to draw when will the caffeine hit me so ill finally be awakw
i liked a video jayrock x popshotz - fto smgmix | shot by
pink shared adorable photo of son jameson moon   see the pic!
i have no faith in fighters who trains at aka anymore  excluding rockhold  actually on nd thought     including rockhold
help
white house to be colored blue sunday for autism awareness washington (ap) -- the white house will briefly
new landmark created! discover interesting places around
oh catch huh?! cool  whatever coward
i added a video to a playlist against the current brighter (official lyric video)
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
be skillful &amp; be the best at what you do  standout &amp; be the best
yeah right!!!  and just the other day i saw a cow riding piggyback on a pig with wings going over that blue moon we had
the best way to eat steak is with a big green salad read the blog
superjoint  battlecross &amp; child bite spring u s  tour officially announced
today is the day you catch up with the ep  mastodon  goldfrapp  polish club reviewed  le pie plays
you've got that smile that only heaven can make i'll pray to god everyday that you keep that smile
those airbags wow!  i need to learn how to breathe thru my ears
i've accepted i'm probably not gona have a happy ending  never had that kinda luck  i'm honestly okay with that though  it's fitting
rush hour printing matches any price of printing from the dc area  rush hour printing offers a % discount on top of the matched price
my grandfather always said  if you're going to dream  it doesn't cost a dime extra to dream big !!
umm   tfw the person tweeting thinks he has pwned you  but has actually pwned himself  re-read
the twitter bio on this awesome account is basically the sum of my life +family too
'people's filibuster' turns out in cities to urge that nominee neil gorsuch be rejected
give the revive the drive campaign a serious boost and get apex magazine for life! lifetime subscriptions for $300!
frankly i think were all a bit tired and have enough on our platessome of its unavoidable since antis are babies on the attack but pls
new app will serve as tripadvisor for people with
no  no treasure yet 0they literally just entered i would watch more but it's like am and i still have hw lel
the fact that during his entire campaign he didnt want to go to war w syria &amp; refused to condemn assad for killing his own people
i made the girls at the salon vote tboss    even thou they hate her     if i'm buying u airtime ur voting who i want in my presence
getting ready for a lunch with afl-cio head richard trumka
happy bday  luv &amp; miss you  stay tuned for more social media love
death in paradise is on aussie netflix i mean  i have the whole series on dvd but still    yes
it's day at   we're proud to support the heroes of the economy  join the conversation
although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin    more for capricorn
when someone's making an argument using stats but you decide to hit them with historical fact after fact
and don't fucking mix el and army bcs e ain't making el fandom to mix with a shitty fandom name
still early  but lamont wade  mark allen  deandre thompkins  kj hamler and josh mcphearson have been handling punt return practice
my favorite earth toned art piece | construct leaf how do you like the  construct leaf  painting by
which will be first the midpoint of the novel  or this book being now as big as despite not being near finished
i didn't get that memo  what are the code words? no one i know is aware of it  we comp
my piece for   it discusses the possible reasons has struggled for goals this season  //
cypher its a investors/traders freudian slip due to lehman brothers
wonderful spreading via videos this week in find out more
they don't look to happy to be here  such internal struggle in one guys face
aswr! and that governor is the chairman of nigeria's governors forum  the state of our nation
this founder shares the mindset that helps her stay on track | by ninazipkin
bumgarner has homered more frequently than all but position players since
this video is blocked in your country     i'm in canada  this regional-based web media thing is stupid
was dying when i watched this last night  this is what happens when the adderal kicks in
topped the group in tgp disc jam season ! onto the semi-finals!
backtracks on price hike on existing registrations company will grandfather existing registrations i
wait! twitler couldn't take the stand if liars can't be trusted  now that is unless we are t
the plan was bernie for secretary of state but unfortunately we never got that far
we can win a pizza party for having really great participation in the read-a-thon  read every night! make our pepperoni dreams come true
no he didn't  listen to his words and think a out his action  if he wanted him out it would habe ha
wwe's nikki bella to defiantly wear outfit deemed too skimpy for
oh  lordy  like bringing out the jelly jars for your distinguished guests  i have a feeling brian h
high praise from my brother you can't jump very high  but you sure can write
lived  in serene comfort and affection  at for years  join us on april and discover his surrogate london family!
shahs of sunset's golnesa  gg  gharachedaghi addresses shalom reconciliation rumors
the way i grew up  real niggaz just don't move like that  if i'm coming to see you i'm just coming to see you
reasons why reminds me how wack ppl were in high school smh we was really worried about the wrong things
is my favorite account because he is the only person who appreciates the artwork of the jonas brothers as much as i do
you're the happiest when you are free to flit from one activit    more for gemini
column despite ample evidence that medicaid works  kansas gov  sam brownback vetoes eansion
wish they still kept the format and just didn't count the characters in usernames    i'll miss the
i feel for him every time we eat mexican out here it kills me every time i tell him  let's move back n get th &amp; mission
ritch price univ  of kansas baseball head coach- playing on the d1 stage powered by
could the minister table that pilot project with the committee? - liberal mp wayne easter
or think of it this way  every middle seat is priced at a discount!
arkansas has scheduled executions in days! act now &amp; tell the gov to intervene
nasan na sila??? are we breathing the same air already???
many women over find it hard to manage their careers because of their age and gender
thank you for following! any questions or want more info   never hesitate to contact us
hanging out   for furmeet   we will be heading to bowls at pm  come!~
pomegranate is a popular fruit  pomegranate juice contains high levels of antioxidants and greater than most other fruit juices
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
thank you ! your free hand designs are great  this unusual spring request was perfect!
this sunday  april nd  we will be celebrating our year anniversary! join us for the am service and stay for
absolutely! the nasty assassin &amp; the
i liked a video from minecraft - sjin's cloud - project ozone
called phil and he goes  you sound tired  did you get out of bed?   yeahhh   wow   you actually got out of bed  good job
i have to assume that was the move to get gimenez on the roster  but haven't heard anything definitively
although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin    more for capricorn
annie idebia our african queen is    let's do this   yes we can!
i uploaded old versions to twitter without realizing it  the wallpapers a
what if it had an original xbox backwards compatability and that is how you really play phantom dust
careful  danny boy  you don't wanna end up in prison with your boss  do ya?
learnlight hires a work at home esl tutoring position that pays $12 an hour!
zayn malik &amp; taylor swift - i dont wanna live forever
trump hasn't aimed for the popularity of the people  he gone for the power of aggression within a conglomerate of war nations
i won a game by point at los angeles stage  let s play together![]
harvard study when telling a story  aim for clarity over cutting edge
just covered japanese edo period shunga (erotic woodprints) in my hist of sexualiti
my hrcolossalaction can survive a storm and the pesky summer sweat
exercise for the students where would you place a person on this same figure?
that's lame! i assumed its bc i'm a member and haven't be there in over a year  so they're like  l
second  didnt we already try this? if you cant find the notes there may be a reason
in escalating turf war  food delivery apps move to the suburbs - the san diego union-tribune
pictures of an airborne harry styles ignite a photoshop battle for the ages  by april hautea via mashable
thanks for following  we recently did a project inspired by your linenovels with   !
they've released prop hunt for cod remastered
communication with family members and friends may seem constra    more for libra
how to clear your computer of focus-draining distraction by
shrugs   it was in a newspaper ad so it has to be!    anyways  w-with this i hope we can become best fr
thanks fernando herrera for following me! check out if you want to connect further!
miley to party in australia as she ties the knot  with caitlyn jenner as a bridesmaid!
a3 lots of research but only really covered the surface  no real goal other to raise awareness
i miss living in california  i miss the weather  i miss the beach i miss surfing with my family i miss the chill people  i wanna move back
the power (and harm) of asking questions
trump says 'we must fight' hard-line conservative freedom caucus in midterm elections
say what you will about casting white folks where they have zero place being cast &amp; denying other actors major care
rns it ain't feel rite watching the bambaata scenes  the whole time i was looking poppy and b  stinger
twenty-four hour drinking has led to a surge in violent crime in city centres  police warn
immediately after being confirmed  neil gorsuch did thing that ll surprise trump!
let's see  this game has been out since   july?and only now am i getting my first km egg
no i destroy my sacroiliac joint  main joint that holds pelvis to sacrum  the strongest ligaments in body and i rip them apart
a blue badge? you'll have a blue heart trying to pump enough blood to that thing
jk but when will it be open? or are you planning on reclaiming it before that amount of time passes?
you boys have definite fish size to penis hang ups  here's my catch today
call her a faggot and unmatch her  or ask for $5 and you will send her nudes then dont send them
the district heat   rob me  /  neverbeena   oy boyz   {}
sustainable dev  goal is good health  health rankings reveal affects of community on health
the little boy who constantly cries wolf!! no one is listening to the biggest liar in the world!
the usa stole that money from iran in the ; the actual bill was much higher  usa cannot get away with illega
being from an extremely small town  i can validate that most tourists
mark zuckerberg's workout partner is months old (video) - mark zuckerberg hit the gym hard friday morning wi
want great watch the latest video?
modern life  old inspiration! the chimney house by dekleva gregoric arc via
sussanne khan  gauri shinde to be feted as women achievers
soccer  (pol-ek) vs  -0  goal for cracovia krakow
for all your fans out there  here it is! episode one of /86 years
loose-leaf calendar air plane aeroflot line craft plane voronezh vaso ways
so proud of this!
i know this sounds ridiculous but i'd focus on my diet to bring about change  you're super young along with your other family
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
top story medieval villagers mutilated the dead to stop them rising  study fin    see more
siftery-insights  thanks for the follow and looking forward to starting a conversation with you!
that's terrible! how could they consider this idea!??
no matter how hard u try to be a nice person some ppl will always just get on your efffinggggg nervesss
tomoe is one of the shortest male characters in the show  but thanks to his fox ears he looks a lot taller than he really is
we will elore how technology  culture and green spaces can be factors in attracting top talent at
i kan put a hit on you homie you know i'm good for it!!! but i'll do you in myself kuz it's personal
lookin v rough today  but it's the last day to vote for !! so proud this lao girl supports y'all
no  very few who stayed in north
sure you can win the hackathon ! in the age of april
i like movies  i'll give that one a miss  i wouldn't want to be misled by something
ahh ! yeah your job is the best because you are doing what you love! relatable!? music is life my fandom
really enjoyed the scorecards  first time doing it had a blast  when do you usually release for the next ppv?
your to-do list is extensive today as you optimistically attem    more for scorpio
i've seen most of the show on tv  still i gotta watch the whole series in order  you know   cause the show is fucking awesome!!
lol wanted to publish my project work as a proper acad paper  did another research after school  a
i hope it is not too cold  chilly here tonight  storms predicted
let's see how many tributes you sissy bitchs will send to a sassy high class sex bomb as i close my led's for the n
message to - no one is voting ndp - is going to be very interesting
they don't realize people want simplicity even if it comes with a nice tag simplicity works all this  broke roachin
| litigation &amp; dispute resolution | mortgages in  a ongoing court
um so the only good thing happening for me right now is that season of the get down is on netflix today
people watching gonzaga for first time all year  that tall white dude with the beard on gonzaga sucks
a dreamy snack! anything with some marshmallows and chocolate hehe
discussion on governance and global governance for health at - several new players/mechanis
my point  i'm the one called intolerant and every type of phobic  but i make one point and boom! look
the first of our weddings this weekend! happy wedding day ashley &amp; philip!
if you have to keep wondering where you stand with someone  perhaps it's time to stop standing and start walking
it's hard to believe mythic worlds was just two weeks ago in seattle  washington  it feels like
sry the internet failed you on k-dot's release date (surprise)  will you show some love to the new joey ba (aka leon) instead?
has pulled the covers off its qx80 concept ahead of the
aquarius (safety) mercury is willing to help you with problems personally today  worship a person for best results
there is an instagram user that just posted a picture of her in her dinanana and grey socks  how am i following children?
honored to be welcomed by obama of course  dt doesn't know people go into space  live in a space station  or ever m
what a way to start the day! amped for another day! be blessed!!
the draft is over  waivers are open  teams who drafted an injured player will find that player now on their dl
thank you for everything captain fantastic
daddy has a huge heart he's never been a person to have dogs in his bed until he fell in love
oh are the haters nevas?!! that song with is lit!!
this came on randomly while i was driving  i ain't mad
came to cheer on a familiar team - sup met some heros from the little elm police dept
nice start to the week thank you david's camp! link in bio to avoid the squinting of eyes
interview with   dean of harry f  byrd  jr  school of business      via
! where are u now? by jack u/justin bieber is playing on soon! pick more songs here
it's hard to sit still and do nothing today  making it extreme    more for gemini
world war one in colour graphic artist fr d ric duriez gives us a new look at the conflict

gillis' grandma called just to ask if we have enough room for all the stuff we got for little man yesterday
now this kitten still bring food to its dead mother *sob
i just added this to my closet on poshmark machine nouvelle mode distressed jeans  via
why did i watch terror in resonance i cant stop crying  i didnt deserve this kind of sadness i love nine and twelve
this time years ago i was touching down in orlando to go to disney world  i am def ready for another visit!!!
hawww dat could be dwayne from swedesboro bo*keek keek keek*
i agree w u about the last sentence but i've seen a ton of ppl only talking about the pepsi thing  the
watford -0 sunderland miguel britos heaps misery on black cats - things we learned
please message me  i'd appreciate that  i fight with dust and dog hair  arghhhhhhhhh!
in all honesty it probably wouldn't have left because it's term dom but at the same time i wouldn't be goin
np blessing - ft // on with &amp;
seeing both sides of an argument is not a new dilemma for most    more for libra
this sunday april - corby - use all your senses to see and hear things like never before with vanessa grasse
the bright  clean scent of is a great way to wake up refreshed and ready to start your day -
poverty is not being without money  but being without hope  is our hope
'community preference' lawsuit at center of affordable housing  segregation debates
people followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
same here daily addicted hai we can't do anything btw good morning have a dear zindagi day
you don't have to be a rocket scientist to know the rand will fall through his ass when you fire a fm without cause
you intuitively know what must be done to increase your effici    more for libra
the last hours has been an uneected crash course in signal processing in   might write some note
the constant battle lee vs phil struggle/love is real
morning gm! i love my customers just like i love the toxic free ingredients in our locsuria
ask them what did u think of a fan in brazil who dressed in flower to meet jhope at the guarulhos
concerned mother starts petition to ban images of children on dating sites - harwich and manningtree standard
the best part of a sunburn is eventually molting like the godless  reptilian  monster you've always known you were
guru i watched today &amp; as usual u were amazing it is a fantastic movie with a great story &amp; amazing characters
it's the truth  deal with it  i don't watch cnn s
in tat  found old school report where i got a b for effort in physical education  outrageous! i ne
and i was the one that was wrong  just cause i said notice doesn't mean the entire fandom thinks t
i played the search the waves mini game in paradise island   and my score was
jojo's graphism is different from what i thought  (it is not really d for jojo's bizarre adventure (2012))
one other thing - check there's no side to side movement where the pedal cranks meet the frame  that's the bottom bracket bearing
look at that ! i know joankeem would it  taken with akira by
oh how i wish that were true (that we could impeach him for that)  if i'm wrong about that i'll gl
markeim is inviting all artists to participate in our th annual power of the flower exhibition  this show is
beauty and the beast afternoon tea was amazing!! i tried the  grey stuff  (it was delicious)
doctors remove tumor from baby s heart while the baby was still in the womb
speaker denounces   move to revoke transgender rights
cobb has its own  marta   &amp; it interconnects by bus w/ marta  that intersection no where near as bad as /285
auditions to be held for dartford young musician of the year between pm-8pm on the rd and th of may  the final
u s  stock futures begin final day of month below march highs
thank you for the concert this after and for your service to protect our sacred rights to choose
'culture is treatment' northeast health officials celebrated for aboriginal health plan
current gop demonstrating depth of their christian values
would be nice to know if this is true  but if so  don't tell brian williams
slow news day at the sun   moro will be another madeline mccann sighting   yawn  lazy journalism
annaliese leon friday  march   a guide to final four tickets  activities  parking and more phoenix
no because rahm is too close to dem big big money read clintoninc obamainc
this is when i discovered that is one of the funniest blokes i've ever met  surprising but true!

you could work with such a passionate intent today that you in    more for pisces
there was a video where a student led the band for stars and stripes but it was he brass class but the picc started playing fr another room!
it's tempting to create an action plan based on the bright blu    more for aquarius
told savannah not to leave her panera in my room    days later it's all over because the dog gets to it
woo hoo! the pop shop () is hosting a fundraiser on april in to support spread the word!
sexy   yo slender body  b tits  brown eyes and blond hair from co
so hard to find the right replacement for alves  no matter who we buy  it will never match the standard of what alves brought when he came
come by if you're around brooklyn  to catch the sweet sounds of jakeshermanwooo
differences between us &amp; them (unregenerated masses of apostate christianity) whom i defy
thank you for saying that! so tired of the rude
i liked a video from funny halo bloopers and screw ups!   fails of the weak
whether it's the   wtf you doing   are you serious   footsteps or the   i want some of whatever you got   footsteps
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
i watch the s01e06   never block cookies  of selfie!
why does she have to be so extra tho? alright one slap and that's it but knowing he's not gonna do anything don't a
is draws better than wins and defeats? here's boss jose mourinho listen
proposes for that tax reduction would fuel investment and hence increased production and thus widen tax base
but i realized  i love writing so much  it's my escape  i'm home when i'm writing  and i decided to never stop
rt  i've been really mean and menacing on twitter lately to the  celebs  and i like it
amash says trump is bigger threat than hillary rep  justin amash on dumping trump | the daily liberator via
android beats windows to become the internet s most used operating system -  jfedesignsbizz - apri
i liked a video from did teen titans go really do this?
i hate you    and i love you! it's like i want to throw you off a cliff  then rush to the bottom to catch you!
busted nunes got his information on  surveillance  directly from the white house
anyone who is selling men's chockers lol i mean those tuma neck belts           inbox me asap
oh no hope you feel better soon blue! lots of honey and lemon tea and chicken soup for you!!
watching &amp; play fighting games in silly hats  who says the old school wrestlers had all the fun?
the atlus article said bans  which seems super backwards and stupid  i can't see them keeping this in place
you're welcome annie and nessa  (goes to her fa
yes  really are bringing back to the county
enter to win a delta vacations trip to visit the set of when calls the heart to meet the cast!
temp  c  dewp  c  gust nw kts  pres 6mb  today max  c  min  c  rain mm
reminder % of these  global payments  are chn/chn or chn/hk  subtract these  international payments  and china c
why you should create a music playlist for your next meeting | fast company
my latin america lecturer said  your essay made me laugh out loud (lol!)  which i think is beautiful
- with the whole  grooming  thing or with power roles or with any problem that might rise in a
i ain't bout to keep going back &amp; forth i'll block ya ass &amp; make you look from another page
hard to imagine any liberals now *approving* of him just because of this  hard to know though
i'm trying to ask myself in a more mindful way   is what i want to say creating heat or light?
i still think it's super fucked up that the new zelda  which is all about climbing things and physics-ing things  doesn't have a hookshot
) another article that features mr breakfast 2) ) stream their entire album  it s good
tune of the day drake -get it together featuring jorja smith and black coffee
oh rusty  that looks delish! bet it has a wonderful crunch  sourdough is the best xx
spent the afternoon w ucalgary theatre students  what a joy  if these lovely young folk are any indication  our future is in good hands!
that feel when you don't back up your phone and all your contacts are gone  y'all wanna give me your numbers back?
team puerto rico and manager edwin rodriguez  and pitching coach glend
don't be mad boy    papa will bring you home some catnip    i don't think he's too happy
&gt; odd are over k  and of those are over k  but again  no specifics
i dont know why i get assuming they were both right  i literally told everything they were right
editorial needs a strong focus on narrowing minority students' gap in postsecondary attainment
it was a highlight of the day to see everyone there speaking for all of us
gathering highlights power of the blog (new york times) automatically blog ping
well done to our u19 team on a great home win against colchester gladiators today! great work boys
synchro arc was b ad mostly but it gave us great ops and also yuzu riding duel
and she made a group to post updates about her health and she wants people to know what has happened and its for whoever
this is so true! i try to follow this   especially when it comes to what we say  remember always say what you mea
[center city] donphan (f) (iv %) until 3208am at n th st
idc how many times a nigga say  ion mess with my baby mama   he's lying hard asf dont trust that
found a transponder snail!get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!
would be interesting to see it eressed as a percentage of revenue to see what is sustainable
today  noon  pond inlet mt finalists! watch five contestants share their research in min or les
larry sanders headed to canton for d-league playoffs  here are some video highlights of center
he actually plan to kill me tonight first w/ perfermance &amp; now w/ all this pics vote
one person followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
weird  it's almost like    politicians are just assholes that say what you want to hear for power   nah  that'd be
walking into gma's house and she was blasting luther vandross from pandora on her ipad to her bluetooth speakers in the kitchen
you are determined to do everything you can to accomplish your    more for cancer
practice your boiled eggs for ! add some serrano to it!
history will not look kindly on those who would strip evidence-based science from policy-making   we're looking at
i know it's going to be hard for me not to become an alcoholic  one shot for me  would be what y'all considered shots
don't or   we've been through this before  we'll be fine  if anything  act and improve the world
often when people are speaking in public and are unsure of what to say they fill space with um and
i know all the kids are pulling for a snow day  but am really hoping to get one more day in before spring break to get started on wwii
having a great day at - inspired by these messages to nazanin zaghari  you can join in here
remember anja nissen from the voice australia? well    our own anja is representing in
omg! you have to see this  &gt; share geng
from elains how no compression on video using bt's broadcast network means quality remains high
not all  some do know what they are talking about when they indulge in debates based on both or either of those m
i liked a video  double check before buying used game systems  creepypasta
daily graphic today covers  stories  standards  sex  my media summit today tues /4 0pm at
my cousin is supa stoooooooopid for this one! but korrek at the same damn time!!!!
people understand that college radio is superior to anything gregg henson does two year olds in
it's my third time shopping with you  i like your work  looking forward to using this stamp!
thank you   for the best thing that happened on twitter today (even bett
i still don't understand that blonde part in the beginning of the pepsi commercial lol  like what was the message?
i wonder about agencies extra ordinary performance in the blogger case yet they always failed in cases
david moyes faces fresh controversy after being accused of aiming multiple 'off-camera remarks' at female repo
idc who you are   you're lying if this isn't your face when the -cash now commercial comes on
coin united states mint silver proof set w/ box &amp; coa mint -
retweeted qasim rashid  esq  () wow  sheriff clarke forced a woman to give birth while in shackles
please  retire before this job eats you whole  you are not up for it
i'm sorry i keep bringing it up but i just loooove dancing so much the atmosphere took my breath away it all felt so magical and surreal
consumers still unsure about using insurers  banks and others for legal services - legal futures
i had a lot of pets  and i'm terrified of a lot of things  but one possibility is cuddles cancer
i really really like this new sketchbook!! it's the first time i've felt comfortable enough to
st petersburg metro elosion police suspect suicide bombing after at least killed by underground blast
happy birthday baby here's a cute drunk vid lol hope you have a great day beautiful luv ya
imma miss you more! you haven't left yet and it already feels like you've been gone forever
spanish stereo types are so false bc i'm spanish as fuck and i hate spicy food and have no rhythm in my hips
stress  overtiredness  sometimes it's literally becoming aware of your blood vessel in your eyelid (mums a nurse!)
enjoy all the opportunities that life can offer you!!
great! now children can feel safer do you really want a man whipping out his penis in fro
headscarf ban is 'discrimination in disguise'
amb  haley lauds holocaust film as  journey toward truth    unlike bds
the party is gearing up
do you not follow anyone else lmao? people love tweeted the whole series before i even started it
happy birthday to one of my favorite coworkers ever  !! you are a gem and i hope your birthday has been amazing
i'm so honored to be included in this amazing group  among some incredible people doing such amazing work in our
sir and baba sehgal in a comic session
once again  having to leave for work has interrupted my writing flow
i'm super grateful to god the father   but internally me god and the universe are already on another chapter of things to bring to fruition
assad us strike that killed six  foolish  irresponsible
the first horseman of privacy apocalypse has arrived verizon announces plans to install spyware on android phones
it's amazing when i can use the market and every other account but the one i want to use
on my way to one funeral i find out i need to attend another one meanwhile y'all out here still doing stupid shit
sometimes it's a hood-toque-hood day
cancer is no longer a disease of the old age  as we commonly perceive  young cancer patients are increasingly becom
our kids are important  we're making sure they receive nourishing meals year-round so they grow up happy &amp; healthy
i got the snes super scope and the sega menacer for $1 each from the same woman  that was my best flea market buy
go down ~chege&amp;themba ft emmy wimbo w/ on
porsche panamera sport turismo concept at paris auto show
commission's decision i guess  i'm not in buffalo but i imagine more info will come out
one thing about  shock polls  is that  by and large  they're shocking for a reason     normally because they're not true
did you not hear what the deputy minister said about the nkandla judgement? no wonder the white
theres so many other things that deserve so much more attention   the  world leaders  are real life actors &amp; we all play into their lifeline
as much as i love fellini's /2  i'd love to see this version of /2
here's the original ambience with voices  some twenty years before this feature!
recommended saturday warmups! red leather  yellow leather  toy boat  toy boat unique new york  ruth bader ginsberg
can you please hashtag  zom ? its my game i made with almost visits and i just released a new update for april fools
nothing i've ever done has given me more joys and rewards than being a father to my children   -bill cosby
my pawyer says i can't pay up  this isn't addressed to me  it could be any dog  and i'm a dhole
shameful that has to put disclaimer stating big story isn't an april fools  wish journalists would leave that silliness alone
but i can say why whatever tyrants do is legal by definition  notice that the senators
i took march off from all things reading and writing related to focus on wedding month  tomorrow is april so back to
the one nd only  the gorgeous
+ mil children in in need of humanitarian assistance  needs are mounting as war continues
o k  i 'll bite -statistically where does most crime occur?
more like lil' kim &amp; her career is garbage &amp; washed up (no soap involved) that's y u mad   bum bitch
this is beautiful!
min video that ryan  globalists &amp; insurance lobbyists want blocked diffusing the bomb of obama care via
we're getting a boston after we move and i can't wait to make him/her wear fashionable accessories and such
lolita in she was torn from her family  bring lolita home!
you're more interested in the act of creation today than you a    more for gemini
i was hoping would ask if he's extra nervous  now that his comments will move the rand in either direction
takeaways   students have most difficult with getting started on assignments defining research topic
your current superpower is the ability to discern when to push    more for leo
lol! i wouldn't waste my money on a propaganda site
however  coverage and ascent arrives  unconditional severe-thunderstorm and effective srh maximized near and this activity
s c madison law firm elains who is at fault for your burn injuries  read blog
you deleted twitter hahahah so you won't see these lol happy bday
i'm in love with this but i clearly missed the part where he actually asked lmao
belmont gets baserunners in bot on a walk and hbp  but gets out of it by striking out deloney  headed to top   jsu - bel
global cyber governance in  information integrity
kendall jenner pepsi ad mirrors real protests     not really (photo gallery)
my opinion is valid  the facts are clear  you're either born a woman or you're not
when my boss wonders why i'm randomly laughing for the next hour! love it!
a global alliance of tech industry and academic organizations team up to fight fake news
canada &amp; us continue focus on chemicals of mutual concern &amp; intend to warn of chemicals that could become cmcs early
just doing what the democrats did for obama's federal judges  doesn't feel
similar to me facebook stalking my ex  curious how she's doing but i don't care that much and don't want her back  curiosity
the main question after strikes on syria how does russia respond? by via
super looking forward to more tonight on my trusty going live pm cst
chucking schmuckie schumer needs to act like a grown up  if that's possible  he's having a tantrum
breaking maimane  will be charged with bringing the da into disrepute  she will remain premier during this process
i thought the same thing yesterday after finishing a horrible book  and i don't say that lightly
join us tonight from -8 pm as we commemorate the th anniversary of dr  king's assassination   rsvp here
he was sitting on the extended stage with the other members &amp; he was looking at my place   so i just waved my hand like crazy!!
syria  neil gorsuch  stockholm your friday evening briefing here s what you need to know
successful kronos v7 to v8 upgrade and move to the cloud   congratulations to the electronic time keeping tea
pretty messed up  i understand the sentiment  but i'm sure his family wants his name far away from that place
fab ladies so great to connect at
the weight of anti-hrc sentiment has been way past proportion
scotland next? half the uk army is made up of scots  empir
our nz metallurgical (coking) coal can be used to make activated carbon which is used in kidney dialysis machines
now playing promo - flashback - listen here
the dochitect  where medicine &amp; architecture meet  dr diana anderson on healthcare design
lunch box -   character dialect popular in japan! rabbit
we are coming for you  you cant divert our attention away
advice from a squirrel via
we are glad to of been of service to you an
mike pence breaks senate tie to allow states to defund planned parenthood - the huffington post
just u live in not makes u ppl north is just a direction and location in ur note it u
thomas brothers milk cart in bow  east london in the early s
with the gorgeous in my horny stepsister just for you the fans
yes  you won  now can you tell me  trump that he's now president  i think he's confused because hillary won popular vote
u guys took the l today  no dirk and wall or arenas  no money  worthless di
great talk from about location based vr at says providing a unique eerience different from home eerience is key
lemme start off with the chocolate cheeks and chocolate wings body roll im
last call for applications - october   deadline end of play april
study? the act of texting  eating and watching tv with an open textbook nearby kisses thanksmegastyle
i am not going to hawaii in sept with my army wife because she will not allow me to wear my mini skirts there so women  i am available!
god  no one  no one remembers when pre-existing conditions sucked for democrats &amp; republicans
there were so many times each of the members came super close to us; got it all on video and i'll be making a vlog
i liked a video from noscope quad? [live clips and fails ]
our tiny miracle!! most days it still feels too good to be true  this sweet girl has filled our
who needs friends when you have vermes  dwyer and saad? brutal april fools!
i liked a video from tee grizzley - first day out (official music video)
also talked about how wholesome music was when i was kid  we didn't have all the depravity of the current
cheryl laughed softly as he kissed her cheek  scrunching her nose as she playfully shoved his shou
such a hippocrite   you obstruct for years and cry about two days of a reasonable fil
kendriya vidyalaya admissions  list for class to be released today via
i'm so lucky to have a guy who treats me like a princess &amp; let's me know in every single way he's still inlove with me
thinking should become ur capital asset  no matter w/e  s and  s u come across in ur life
jackson is on power in his  capacity as the chief whip of the anc   can someone invite him tomorrow night as bra jack
date -03-2017 4002 email api exceeded max queue limit(500)  now queue is   action required
you're more emotionally sensitive today and you prefer to avoi    more for gemini
yes!! this is my fear -- that he'll try to bomb his way to better poll numbers
derrick tindal also came up with picks and break up and ju-co transfer van ginkel got in on the action with a pass break up and a pick
biologists caught rare footage of the mysterious 'seven-armed' octopus clutching something exciting in its mouth
over a million aspirants to take the jee mains tomorrow  engineering still the overwhelming choice it seems  good luck to all
meaning  i'm really funny and talented but no one ever pays attention to me so i never get recognition
how winnipeg focused on local strengths to create a tech hub in central canada
rey hidalgo/pharr - hidalgo hrs hrs/day /5/2017 pov lns at 00 pm cdt  min delay lane(s) open readylane at 00 pm cdt
how to lead by example  according to military veterans by
another bulawayo armed robbery thieves get away with $4 cash
i was going to say we saw sc'a women team winning but no you're right since uconn was in the way
tricky balance  letting fear drive you to overcome obstacles without letting it push you to panic and do something stupid
straight s today at our choir festival  these crazy  awesome kids deserved it!
now that it seems spring has sprung what better time to enjoy one of these beauties at near you
nothing says spring quite like a new pair of versaces! check out our wide selection of designer ophthalmic and sungl
also i urge all my friends to watch ajin on netflix u wont regret it  kei is my baby and i want to protect him with my life
it's difficult to refuse junk food at work  here's a great way to get  bring your own lunch
pray for me  tommorow is going to be a long day and i wouldn't even have acces to internet untill like pm or something
me after sending a risky text but it's not that risky it's a normal text but i'm still freaking out
i entered the competition for my chance to win the new samsung galaxy s8https//
watching on &amp; this nakiesha is really stupid cause tonight she wants a -ay
how i wish will notice me one day       even one retweet from them i will abdjwwmdlwfmkwmdns idk weh im dead
crime is an industry  it has sides too  to make it work  good guys (law enforcement) and bad guys (law breakers)
how much it would cost to brute for a private key uses costs about x the gdp of the entire world
john showing us all how to garden
raiding the piggy bank as we speak  last st i got was under bassett  got the same feeling under wilder    utfkgb
greetings  dear human friend! check out my website and discover more about me and my creators!
this is what we've been missing for the last years! is a great  strong voice for america
you are too small - apostle suleman blasts t b joshua
the only people that are stupid is you  vanderbilt did not build america  he owned or poorly paid
-- managed to  but now   because he wasn't worth this  he wasn't worth any of it   because
//ok so why is it completely acceptable for a man to go out without a shirt while we women not only have to wear a shirt but a bra
dorian gray mice  grow indefinitely without aging i feel like the field hasn t come very far since
the lord nelson her out this morning
koreanupdates second part starts! they perform  boy go  as the first song!
a lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now  m    more for leo
dear mr  fernando  thank you for shopping at jpckemang!
they've never been ordinary &amp; neither are we  say hello to a different with moto &amp; newswallet
vr tvc featuring an ostrich taking off is quiet nice
and then there was one i think the old man carl theory is pretty sick all he has left is the magnum
read mesm's blog post looking at the importance of including patients in protocol development for clinical trials
i've realized that i'm probably just perfect &amp; it's everybody else around me that's got issues    - scott disick
follow ig accounts of kids who post their uber eensive everything  so if there's something sketchy about their wealth pala  you can fish
well then (points) we rarely talk so i didn't know that
good morning its friday and in hrs fun begins  to my family friends be safe be nice love as you mean it   live
the u s  has begun war in syria  and trump is screwing around at golf
america needs to lower partisan stupidity! got a better ideas than komodia? let's hear them!
timeline what we know about trump campaign  administration &amp; coordination with russia
would anyone buy a used car from jackson carlaw or believe his 'guarantees' about anything? retweet at will

baldy turns me off so hard  it takes a special guy to pull it off and not look like a plucked chicken
same i was like whoa ive drove past there so many times what if we had run into them
i want to pastel tie dye my  dump him  shirt but i don't know even where to even fucking begin
ooo very preety       big fan by  love games  can you spend sec to say me hiiii      pls pls pls its ur fan requ
absent a declaration of war  we don't  i'm not convinced this isn't the cia  they've been frothi
north carolina captures march madness championship in thriller
hii  thank you for saving me and showing me the beautiful side of the follow me  please? i love you
says businesses are prepping for with tents to protect fans from the
do you focus on process? how? looking forward to the responses for q5!!
amazon us summary good character development combined with excellent plot  us uk
new teacher of girls pe (maternity cover) faringdon oxfordshire
i just beat ark farkler in -24 on ! my user is cookingzombies
from a learning perspective - this is the best time of my life  this new learning and enlightenment is
this dish brings everyone to the table  works every time!
mr grenell  u just told turkey is  a nato ally --
our customers are exceptional  delicious  extraordinary perfection!your ongoing support of our shop is never
rob wilson mp stop abortion centre bpas forcing govt to cut practical support for mothers with unplanned pregnancy
just loop a boo sound effect for minutes and then imagine roman saying  this is my yard now  near the end
i'm right over here  why can't you see me? oooooo i'm wearing this haaat  and willy's shirt ooooohhh
you weren't swayed by the video evidence that maybe the chemical attacks weren't real in the first place?
oh whatever happens pls don't let that gook doo's ex hee ji (n bong soon oc) get caught by that criminal noo coz it'll be too sad
two-thirds of eu travel websites mislead on prices commission
remember what happened when andrea was in this situation? she used a pair of pliers
forget unfollowers  i believe in growing  new follower in the last day! stats via
morehttps//
he's learning about winning and losing and being a good sport about either way
sir my father who is senior citizen is traveling via link eress kanpur to haridwar  train is more than hours late
s preview adds support for azure functions and app service
wouldn't that be nice?
jess wingenette has a show on /02/2017 at 00 pm westwinds -- o    in idaho springs  co
wishing  you a very happy birthday bunny sir! i am a huge fan of you
papa luns is live! is playing dark souls ii with the all are welcome!
everyday there's a new story    where there's russian smoke  there's russian fire  we are paying
listen to emdon-type of way_profetikmix by its_emdon on // art by your truly
research and markets - $18 9 billion cloud computing market in europe -2021 featuring amazon  - pr newswire (p
the autonomous conflict daily is out! stories via
that they're using a bajillion characters from another game  they need to think alex is a collab ch
wedding belle's contestants katie brooks &amp; spencer pehonsky share their love story spencer and i met in
honestly  there's no point in looking how much i have in my bank account  it's all gonna be gone be because of all these bills
i have new followers from nigeria  and more last week  see
all together now    'ahhhh' and his adorable little friend at the
hey you look really cute today - heckinglester april fools you look cute everyday keep it up
saint jackie! reading
then what all results from risen isil to date overall end all and start now what's changed big
tips for designing a website for the future the computer has covered a long way since its inception in the th ce
can we hear more about gen   misha  flynn &amp; that grad student?that's the type of scandal americans can understand
the tyre place has a viewing room so i can watch the very st set of new shoes go on my car   i'm there for all of her milestones
a song for saturday velvets in the dark by michael head and the red elastic band via
brian williams waxes poetic abt us missiles  he is probably reminiscing abt the time he rode one in iraq  or was that iran? afghanistan?
are refunds being issued for last friday? i emailed and was told i'd be contacted in working days  i have yet to hear back
decisions decisions decisions! picking log over gy was really tough    hope u get gy!
you've been quoted in my story   show the epa some love!
hov one verse on  shining  alone still better than anything y'all favorite rappers put out dis year y'all sick lmaooooo
ummm elephants  dolphins  and other species rationalize as much as you  so choke please
sunshine is la bazenne 'terrasse' happy sunday everyone!!! come warm up at la bazenne for the top nominated
former great &amp; bob cerv has passed away at age
was photographed for the news paper while i was on my lunch hour  so i guess you could say i'm getting pretty famous
men's warehouse  ad just showed a dude in a sport jacket over a hoodie  a sport jacket  over a hoodie  no words
click here to watch it girl fucking two and taking faci    add me on snapchat it
kushnie is perhaps taking a course in dictatorship from saddam's surviving family members who were also adviso
yes the company website for indicates you did or are building it but its listed at my home address so can you place check
watch tonight abc 30pm season finale w/ guests about
oh it's great to hear your voice again! i really want to make the trip up from tulsa to see this
delphi partners with high frequency data transmission leader valens to enable future infotainment  active safety a
danger will robinson danger!!! watch out for that pot doubler  it could be dangerous
peacock is available in hindi speaking areas  so does it bothers anyone
simple-minded solutions are intelligent solutions   -
asks   have we broken you  you have replied times  own it
you can buy this boat from me for million dollars or you have to stay on this island forever  l uft
yellows and oranges will be added to the set and the circular wave backdrop will be replaced with a new backdrop  f
beautiful portrait
we are raising more money for big brothers big sisters of kansas tonight and all you have to do is eat delicious
interesting  if that thing about pressing a button on the build happened would you be required to build the items?
hot! it's not easy being a bunny (beginner books(r))
a lack of clear boundaries only leads to more confusion now  m    more for leo
now those privacy rules are gone  this is how isps will actually sell your personal data
victims??? what world are you living in? he was telling russia leak more during the electi
i liked a video from clemons post game on display!!! college hoops k8 legacy mode
activist parents rally in d c   hoping trump will change vaccine status quo    your thoughts?
i'm moving tomorrow  but first today a bunch of errands  working late  and packing  send good vibes  because i'm really stressed!
prime property in ahmedabad  prime property in thane  prime property in trissur  prime property in lucknow
launches new generation advanced
this is adrian  he vapes and this is what helped him
i just finished this and i have never  in my entire life  been more in love with a book
hey i seen my friends dog like really licking his self down below and now his girlfriend kissing and the dog licking her face and lips
where did i go wrong i lost a friend/somewhere along in the bitterness/and i would have stayed up with you all night how to save a life
sehun as zeus - god of the sky - king of olympus - husband of hera - sacred animals are eagle  wolf  woodpecker -
the jogging stroller and the curves don't work for me  it's a scary eerience  lol! there's
watching an old man shovel trail mix into his mouth on the bus while listening to aretha is my  why am i crying  in the club moment
update years  months and days and i haven't been inside an airplane since last year
should get everyone who played an instrument for the mask off challenge and do a live performance  come alive
book - black against empire the history &amp; politics of the black panther party ht
lawfare has two articles on the constitutional issues raised by the s attack on syria  &amp;
just heard about yourself transitioning into youtube from wantfolio! we should tots collab
there are few greater joys than being fully recognized by some    more for pisces
epicenters in batangas two earthquakes  magnitudes     hit parts of luzon a minute apart  usgs via
you might be disgruntled with your current social standing bec    more for taurus
oh right  my old twitter account was deleted  so of course my videos won't automatically be linked to here  i need to fix that later
waiting to hear ada limon read her wi derfil poetry  alley theatre
there is people in my house  of them are sat in the smallest room in the house  what the fuck is wrong with this place
our greatest glory is  not in never falling  but in rising every time we fall  ancient proverb
another sneak peek of this upper east side apt installation
once more with feeling if were already the law of the land there would have been no &amp; nonsense
even weirder    all ha
hey just make sure y
i was so excited and nervous to meet   she truly has inspired me in so many ways  she is so awesome! thank
to be fair  name the last chemical attack on civilian women and children that *did*
ultimate nightmare of marvel /05 vf/nm uncertified warren ellis
difference between machine learning  data science  ai  deep learning  and statistics    by
it's is very nearly year since last year  this year its th april
do the pirates fans think yelling at their pitcher with the bases loaded on a -1 count is going to help him!?!?
my wishlist and buy gifts for the most perfect goddess
i mean    if you're going to scold a vegan about the  unnatural  foods they're eating  perhaps make sure it's something we eat
[tech news] quarter of all u s  homeowners own an iot device  says wink
from the new york times  north by northwest  as it was meant to be seen big
regrann from -   in the end all that matters is l o v e
sometimes the culture sector can seem quite insular - but people there are interested &amp; you should approach them -
reilly needs to shake his head after that play   we got the game but we didn't need to give that loser another one
i making mac n cheese and subbing the regular milk for silk nutmilk! it is soooo good!
randomly came across your page last night  perfect timing  when can i eect to see tomorrows winners?
spells correctly is a common core standard and i value spelling but are isolated spelling
read to know in which circumstances is greater than +
apologies for the disruption phil  you can check for known issues in the area here
hey noble check this out and i drew this
- re dangote refinery  pti to partner on human capital development in oil  gas sector
drinking a warrah by cleveland's tremont neighborhood
why hasn't someone gone after dr evelyn farkas?! she's obviously implicated in illegal activities?! should be indicted
&amp; waiting to place their handprints in our wet cement at !
wow can't believe the final boss in persona is the friendships we made along the way (joking unless i'm right)
not a terrorist attack only muslims can be terrorists  forget rw &amp; jewish terrorists  they are part of
the pittsburgh micro-meetup is go! - in preparation for disrupt new york and our upcoming tc sessions series o
tailgating time at your favorite concert or sporting event  has it all
young and youthful will be releasing a special  limited release with kingchiavanchi this
together  let's breathe together  to the beat
i m just human  i have weaknesses  i make mistakes  &amp; i eerience sadness; but i learn from all these things &amp; they make me a bett
all these janetty sobriety jokes are weird after watching halloween havoc '98 earlier today
wow it was long ago when i had twitter /new account/ you dont know me but i love your tweets happy to see you are still active
you know that there are many organisations working on behalf of syrians and you can donate some money? just saying  nevermind
comlex simplicityexcrutiating extacy boo hu hu roses red  violet's blu  utmost regards from u already
every relationship has its problems  but what makes it perfect is when you still want to be there when everything sucks
a sense of panic hangs right at the edge of your awareness  yo    more for aries
bracket for upcoming spring break tournament at
why the most popular day to exercise is  tomorrow  ?!? you better stop thinking of yourself as lazy   time!
found a transponder snail!battle rages in upper yard! shandians vs   kami !
men when our daughters  sisters  mothers  and wives can't walk down the street without being harassed  we have failed
521 thou coward  art thou bragging to the stars telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars
i entered a giveaway for a chance to win  artify pcs professional paint bru     by artify art supplies
former james bond actor pierce brosnan dismisses deadpool cable rumors as  just fabricated
it's hard to sit still and do nothing today  making it extreme    more for gemini
sean spicer on fire! 'there's a clearer connection to russia with hillary than there is trump (video)
excellent beer gift from refreshing after an afternoon spent digging and tidying
yes so any model that had the pens as the likely cup winner? seems everyone had lak/wsh
if you get to see your boyfriend/girlfriend everyday  please  be  thankful  for  it  do not  for one moment  take it for granted
it's hard out here rt  how you in your s and the only thing you have in your name is a library card? how sway?
an overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you     more for taurus
aye  but a so called  red line  not acted upon undermines the power of the us
today in the gym i saw a man in a wheelchair and a man who looked like he's been here since the college opened in   what's your excuse?
plenty of rats and rabbits are killed because people deliberately set dogs on
the director and star of rekindled stopped by to share some little known facts about themselves with
found a transponder snail!for honor! giants clash in ancient jungle!
dudley i don t think we are removing the punch bowl  yet  we re just adding a bit more fruit juice
your wcw scoffs and cuts her eyes when she hears  cash money records taking over for the &amp;
being a coward will close so many doors for you  stand for yourself and use your influence and power you have
once again  seattle lgbtq commission falls for israel  pinkwashing  campaign
most definitely i am sure ms  rice will walk away from her corrupt lies without a scratch liberals rat
you're looking forward to taking a break from the serious side    more for aquarius
you? you know what this note out where he's lying! phoenix!great job! if they want you ee the man walking
a wild misdreavus has appeared! it's iv is 6  despawns at 1217 (27m s)
el cajon dragonite % (15/3/10 - steel wing/outrage - snormal) til 1427(27m s)
i've lived a life with living  almost three decades down &amp; we're about to come out of retirement
they do but coincides with playing in scotland no disrespect but not exactly tough league
ec-council certified ethical hacking (ceh v9) course is the most desired certification program being favored by
two people spending a lot of time perfecting their  just got out of bed on saturday  look  a lot of time
chapter   verse one who works in devotion  who is a pure soul  and who controls his mind and senses  is dear
is is coming back to starkville with the ? hail yes! //
it's time bowled em! rishabh pant bowled ! pawan negi stuart binny  _  jadhav
the perks of living in a small town is listening to the peace and quiet in the middle of nowhere
yasss it's time for a great show chloedanielle98bored n tired
i ran out of characters for the great great great etc grandfather part of god being my dad  we go way way way way way way back; way back
idk it really bothers me when people don't tip  you tip when someone does a good service for you  always
sorry i don't get why kate didn't want the new guy leading the farmer case to see her at first  what's the history?
a vehicle has been driven into people in the swedish capital stockholm  injuring    by via
the goat tag team  welcome to raw  boys  also  don't mind me  i was totally fangirling about my best friends being
i have not attacked  you are c
he doesn't even have to face the camera and he looks incredible   visual appreciation
documentation is an act of ; it makes public a conversation about what we value
opinion | if you want to see russian information warfare at its worst  visit these countries
swimming magnussen chooses commonwealth games over world championships melbourne
this thing people keep tweeting about seeing who visits your profile is getting super fucking annoying
people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by
do you know what the story is tho can an admin ip check the match is already completed so i had to submit a support ticket
my roomies and i are the same way! we only buy them if we have people over  i'm keeping my sweet tea though
the media is ignoring the -pound surveillance elephant in the room
women face a pay gap in every single state  here s where it s worst via
thank you to of for serving as our mc of &amp; supporting our mission! action news video
donald - get off the golf course and do your job - read the things you sign - think about them (if possible) for a day
dead people fart  open and close eyes  twist   breath   move and even sit-up  ner
what are we gonna do to make the whole south rise? educate  agitate  organize
flint in x04  after billy tried to split them the closer we get to the end of this journey  the more the contradictions will accumulate  &gt;
my favourite thing is making plans with two other friends who then decide to cut you out of those plans  thanks
that you'll agree or consider my observations  suggestions useful  or  improvements    i'll take
full gallery lesbians with ravishing beauty     add me on snapchat imangelina95
i think she's crying that she can't sing it  mayb not necessarily reciting  she for sha talk the words if she sabi
then how did you become a muslim in the past? must be embarrassing going back to your dad
hmm stick with hyatt p+c reservation or try priceline nyop option  im feeling lucky today  thoughts?
and they will keep losing them because faves only work for the people they are faves too
what? hfc needs to compromise little nobody's going to get everything they want trump &amp;cnn when he'll freezes over
i went to pick shania up after my night shift and it took me nearly two hours to get her home because she kept stopping to talk to lampposts
this is the only golfer with a chance to earn more than tiger woods s $110 million jordan spieth     marketwatch
she wants me dead  dead  dead  dead  dead deaad deeeeaaaad!
help to make declawing illegal in canada! plz sign
so glad they're it on again! love that i can still take part!
savannah brinson james launches mentorship program to empower young women of akron
n i rolled nat 's  i think i accidentally used up all my luck outside of the game n only nat 's from now on
hey you remember the year old mom that licked your face at the concert
she had the best day for her birthday ! thank you fantastic day out as usual
yes  just like if obama was to blame for obamacare failure  oh wait its the law of the land now
meet the african models breaking barriers a crop of new models from the continent are making their mark by speaki
are you worried about going back to work tomorrow? priory has tips for coping with anxiety
i am baffled by the left's desire for income equality  i support equal opportunity  not an unreasona
our team hard at work today packing these awesome gift bags for you! our roadshow is happening in less than
wind kts nnw  barometer 8 hpa  rising slowly  temperature  c  rain today mm  humidity %
newcastle united player warns teammates ahead of trip to sheffield wednesday
encouragement from dr  hank  you shall now!  my friend  i want you to pay attention to what i have to say
we may not stop catastrophes from happening but we can learn about them  ant
found a transponder snail!battle rages in upper yard! shandians vs   kami !
before you endorse or retweet or post - please read the content     bulk is not desired but purpose is! !
the answers to the questions we seek lay deep within us  we constantly seek outside of ourselves  to teachers
btw i watched where you watched my pov on stream and boii do i feel retarded
we're eeriencing processing delays (beyond our business day window)  thanks for your patience as services get b
i think that until israel has the same border and
ajahejdhdjdjdd i h8 it  like you're online  i'm sure you've seen my texts  reply it
no kidding  i thought he would at least pay his taxes  treason? well it isn't like not paying ur taxes  oh! trump d
is a bloody endian commander  not a local u ganjay  following these agnts will take us to your home
donald trump s highly abnormal presidency a running guide for march via
gang gang   hooligan  &lt;- the real   cracka nigga that don't believe in rapest  ya g wana si  bitxh ya out ya f
happy thursday all
rafael nadal is already plotting for success in the clay-court season by practicisng hard at his home in manacor
so i encourage you to pray for your family  friends  coworkers  strangers  enemies  and even our leaders no matter how much you can't
i've often wondered that  and in light of recent disclosures about susan rice  there just mig
but i would buy an issue/series just to look at if the artist was good regardless of whether i liked the writing or not
people across the hall have large gatherings that are loud with their door opening
manilow is on his last leg (of his final tour)
new of hello kitty on ebay for the united states sanrio hello kitty loungefly embossed hand bag black shiny satche
i don't even be pressed now  i just nod along as the class tells them exactly what the fuck i just said in their constructive criticism
oho so white people actually now how to organise and shown up? we shall eect this the next fmf  amf  rape march
if you'll see me holding up my middle finger to the world  fck ur ribbons and ur pearls  cause i'm not just a
i've just finished  missing puppies ! i'd love for you to come and get a gift from me!
i don't really remember hailing a cab ever being difficult for you  sherlock    she laughs  shaking her head as she gets in
nyc officials abandon subway trash bin ban eeriment via the android app
setup is a bit of a pain but if it saves time (just introspection for one thing) it pays back
judge rules trump may have incited violence via political wire - a federal judge in kentucky is
live look in at potential mvp candidate kawhi leonard and danny green after facing klay and steph last night
our dishonest president  this will be what is remembered for  this and destroying our planet both for greed
entrepreneur rt entvideo how one ceo turned his passion for cars into a paycheck (with jessicaabo)
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
yes  and it was very informative  i created my handle over a year ago  but never actually
music  jily ft homie j   move body || ||
somehow always lose -5 when i have an advantage of some sort idk
goddamn i love the way you think  i hope you're not diabetic cause i got lots of candy
check out jenna elfman in this new show tune-in tuesdays at 30/830c on abc for
croatian beaches are gorgeous! right next to camping bi village  pula -
check out the post about baby sleeping through the night in (the power of a good    ) that has been published on -
good afternoon watch and share this tune
if you go to an island   you don't just go to the beach  that's fine too  but what's important is seeing the people  the culture &amp; lifestyle
yes the corrupt piece of crap was dems and huessein obama destroying the health system in us best in the world  jus
we'd have to ask the reporter if she felt belittled/ intimidated etc  but she can be heard laughing a
sis don't assume i'm talking about yo nigga and get in yo feelings    yo nigga not the only one on my line
so i figure it can only get worse if i decided to actually pau attention to the boys and not just the music lol
he inherited the worst economy since the great depression and turned it around  which part did i miss?
donald trump's instagram following is full of bots and russianshttps// article from nov    but still relevant
you can still enjoy good food while on your weight loss journey  all in moderation
ommmggg favourited my tweet oml im sf gassed rn aahgahsh honestly thia is actually this is the best start to my birthday weekend!
another rejection letter &gt; no matter we'll continue building our platform and prove them wrong ||
taran killam just  got personal  about wife cobie smulders in a heartfelt instagram post
so disappointing that a developed nation like the us has a  d  grade on women's and reproductive health
thanks for the follow &amp; i hope you have a great sunday  did you see this?
shorting the shit out of oil 0
the media in this country is so easy to manipulate! it is sad  dt is distracting from the real issue here  treason
zquad stream still got time &amp;  i don t wanna live forever
two music videos by one of the leading film service production of ukraine radioaktive film are up for the webby
have you heard of this new keyboard cover that lets kids feel their words? now live!
when hiring a trainer for your group  find a great story teller if you want to reach the hearts and minds of your
forget unfollowers  i believe in growing  new followers in the last day! stats via
enhanced detection of quantum dots by the magnetohydrodynamic effect for electrochemical biosensing
susan rice delivered a transparent cover up before  rip chris stevens  sean smith  glen doherty and tyro
cecil leaves clubhouse without answering questions  someone needs to pull him aside &amp; let him know he's not in toronto anymore
members who share each other once are % likely to do so again
hello sunny leone apoka bf so beautiful nd apo v bhot beautiful    so i like you    sorry
y12 to serve the people mao zedong thought shines around medal
liverpool xi vs  everton mignolet; clyne  matip  lovren  milner; lucas  can  wijnaldum; mane  firmino  coutinho
likes denay chahie thay phir to well thank
wow! i did not know this  i learn so much on   it really is one of the best places to learn  ty
there is a method to your madness as you attempt to keep every    more for leo
they're confident  they're happy - you're patient  i promise even when you don't think so  you rock at being mama
surprise as soon as operationally feasible  over the next few days  in case you have recharged with and offer(2/3)
all the gushing over cena &amp; nikki makes me puke  just because he put a ring on it doesn't mean he'll marry her  if he does  it won't last
love everyone  trust a few  do wrong to none sending positive vibes and wishing you a
sorry for the long-winded answer  but the short version - yo things get weird  but everythi
todos santos court   we are building and growing! visalia's newest commercial area  call heidi sidhom for
today will be my last canucks game for quite a while  told account rep would renew if willie was fired  he has not been so not renewing
also  false dichotomy  you should buy the extra book and take action  it's not an either/or scenario
sojay said haters gon hate buh me dont even give a 'f' haters can somersault and die       download and share
you could work with such a passionate intent today that you in    more for pisces
well i don't wanna inflate your ego but you were being cute so i kinda just   yeah  sorry if it made yo
nothing is false in this tweet  the story gets more complicated with each game  then there's time travel
updated winter storm warning in effect in siskiyou county until am
menlyn's maine stay it s the little things that count when i last put my joburg feet in our country s fair capita
revealing the skilled past of kentucky commitment jarred vanderbilt - the courier-journal
so excited to see the summer station id which will be launched on showtime today!
alexis s nchez claims he wants to finish his contract with arsenal
found a transponder snail!killer rabbits?! amazing fauna on one winter isle!
zack buck unpacks flaws in states' medicaid managed care bidding processes
i bet this'll become a running gag for a while  wonder if he'll be involved in a storyline where one o
chris pratt raps about carrot cake muffin - chris pratt raps about carrot cake muffin on instagram
gorsuch puts big company over the life of a man in freezing weather- doesn't show good judgement to me!
well stated  crimes in international law mirror local context aka national law    let's learn from our past omissio
i meet this little guy today when i shot his family's photos! last time i saw his family  he was still in his
we don't want you to feel this way  we have notified our team and will call you back to share an update  - amit
i just got k vc nba k17 locker code! -
butterflies       this lip art was inspired by
his love of his city leads him to volunteer with the department of water and sewage in
crunch report | yahoo and aol combine to become oath
we'd probably save more lives if we spent more time promoting bystander cpr than debating the minutiae of cardiac arrest resuscitation
i did! it was very good  check out   it's very  very good as well  one of my favorites
hey everyone  can i ask you a favour please? i'm researching what people eat for breakfast as part of a project
masha allah  today students (6 boys + girls) of iqra rauzatul quran peshawar campus recited the holy quran
unilever announces plans to sell margarine business | news |
i'm saying lance stephenson is a baby  &amp; paul george got hit with a poster right back &amp; an l lmao
any update pls  your money still frozen? is it ? and have u phed
thanks for the ! have a great week!
i can see  in the back of my mind  my girlfriend's    reaction -- so i know it's foolproof
i liked a video from how to lose belly fat in week
y'all took me back on the aol throwback  thanks //
tks h50 is making me feel better
kent in talks to sign milne for blast new zealand fast bowler adam milne is in discussions to play in this season's natwest t20 blast as
it is not enough to have knowledge  one must also apply it  it is not enough to have wishes  one must also accomplish
i don't see you working  you haven't held one town hall  guess you're meeting with donors &amp; pacs
nevermind they stopped shipping coal to prk  us will act alone on north korea if china fails to help  says
today marks the end of daylight savings and it s time to change your clocks and check your smoke alarm
high school junior launches tagdat  an emoji-based local reviews app
hi remember the grand piano and open air lakes concert? it rained but we did it! made it onto lookne and cumbria- how about bbc lnw tonight?
today  my th graders helped me find a way to connect older robots to bluetooth connection  oh the things we can do!
we are still eecting them  this country numerous unimportant activities can't make us forget
jimmy lane is giving away more cash tomorrow! congratulations to louise and courtney who beat the buzzer today to
pikachu (97 8% /15/14  quick attack / discharge) until 1440 (29m s)
even when the price is low this is not acceptable but maybe you're ok with it
this bed home won't last long! ping me for details or a showing
sometimes the best cure for a restless mind is a quiet night i    more for pisces
edward is always concern bout maymay even in small details like fixing her hair mayward
well  it's a kind of rule of ours
is there anything sweeter than a frenchie coveting shoes? we think not! come see the rest of the goodies at
tue ratings prison break returns up from finale  ranks no  for the night read
following the collision  barthram is stretchered off and is replaced by downes  we are all hoping he is ok  and wish him all the best!
tell to hold its line - the fake repeal is still discrimination against &amp; people
david said he was the best artist in the family so i told him to draw me n prove it  i've never laughed so hard n b
congrats oxford boys on the ! and we'll don't cambridge girls!
my hates this family! would him his ass with his tiny little balls tucked inside
and if comment ur favorite youtuber and i will also reply
i'm not going to be one of those ppl who wish they did certain things! if i'm able and willing  it's getting done!
sad thing is this single comment may get her more subscribers than what she has in total
a nyt best seller will be how trump revitalized america with his messaging &amp; then became co-opted by them once in power!
various locations throughout the city &amp; county of denver citywide sports- recreation instructor
cloud9ne kicks the year off with  link up  featuring grip boy endia
seriously  what sort of retarded humunculoid would even posit such a thing?
i can't even describe how beautiful this photo is? honestly how do u do it
nice read  agree % on looking at old servers  the c2 in last breach i investigated was old  sys pw hadn't changed in yrs
(rapunzel lets her hair down ) ivanka the trump whisperer (in the other ear) allowing trump to escape     is my bet
basically negating the lives actually being arrested and dying for no reason lol    soo many things they could've done better
contract seo account director ( months min) - sphere digital recruitment   london   contract seo acc
bournemouth vs chelsea team news
seven arrested in russia metro bombing probe
thanks for the recent follow happy to connect have a great monday   want it
we went to chiles and our waiter was gay and amazing and so funny we taped him extra best waiter so far
well  they have always said green is good for you (sorry i will grow up soon)
india  in my defence  both presidential palaces are adjacent to public botanical gardens
before you submit to a publisher or self-publish have your book edited professionally
my right is failing me  so i went with some   if you have an
porsche gt2 rs is gunning for the lamborghini huracan performante
good morning
at&amp;t sales executive acquisition - east - (gov sales&amp;mkt)
lenovo y700 inch full hd gaming laptop intel i7 hq/8gb/256gb brand new
so do what you need to do to save this industry that a lot of folks rely on  some don't even know it  keep the dogs running and
i read an article of yours from that showed me you know little about nutrition  vegan foods have plenty of protein
i actually i appreciate this     trump donates his q1 salary to the national park service
the children happy to be at school a refugee camp in lebanon is helping children from the syrian
a little rd rate school prof criticizes aba top rated  articulate constitutional eert for being  ghoul  only one
i liked a video from obey nitroh gravity of you - infinite warfare montage
we all get hurt  betrayed and yes  you feel angry  it's normal! digest the pain  see the lesson
denmark is rightly proud of their smaller gap between rich &amp; poor  let's do what they do
manny and jinkee pacquiao are proud of their son  jimuel  after he graduated from junior high school!
please check my last rt's  pedophilia is slowly being legalised along with other monstrosities while they distract you with 'terrosim'
centre section of the hexbeam showing new elements for m thru m and x gb3sek high band chokes in series
not a legitimate news source  if moved to a separate comedy channel  as comedy
full playlist of this week's show feat x x x
here s an example of someone not taking damage  ignore the rick&amp;morty
congratulations to william schmidt for making senior st team all state academic!! = sme lancer wrestling
still can't get over how weird that 'interview' was today   like they went on about how they thought somebody was fat and that was a problem
favourite dustin johnson may be out of the masters after he injured his back falling down the stairs today of his rented home in augusta
i gots my education from stanford and oxford  i be sayin' i ain't got nothing for nobody on this leaking stuff  -
johnny hart bc comics vintage fire king dinosaur white milk glass cereal bowls
only in cfos of top uk companies think the business environment will be better after brexit ht
can you ask pleat how we on nill today with scots and no strikers   an english man's hat trick   all foreigners mind
bunch
the thought of a dog not knowing why his human didn't come home because they made stupid choices breaks my heart
jamespt99 showing extreme jubilation from learning about how bad special testing is for vbi and
give in to the gossip &amp; join for their rendition of sense and sensibility this thursday /6 at p
my god! the giant!!
how unfortunate that they value illegal criminals over their own citizens; time for californians drain
tom_brunt mechanical maintenance engineer - - upto  32k -
local briefing on cloud strategy  architecture and eense management
hi hope your well  new music vid crabitat - ian (pewdiepie eminem mash) comment and share if possible  cheers
i absolutely love that yuwoo are always next to each other and clinging onto each other when they're on their way to music shows ;a;
thanks and tech   after the storms yesterday   i can watch tonight
pcs calibrate x3mm purple africa amethyst natural loose gemstones lot aaa
$78 333 is nothing compared to what they will lose under trumps budget  just another distraction
they only want cheap indentured servants  otherwise they don't want them
phantom3 drone flying over llanelli water park  didn't realise it looked like stone henge
i got starlin castro going to the padres or kolten wong once i get my frachise going
trump presidency is nothing but a lying machine  nothing he says or his staff says is true facts at all  history will not be good to trump
&gt; she drags with her  when she finally pulls away from his lips  her onyx eyes are half-lidded  he
al gore has made another science fiction movie about global warming via
it took obama years to fuck it up and you
not gonna lie it hurts so bad but if you want them do it  i suggest having some type of pain killer pil
//spoiler// yep  she saw him taking to blackfoot and darkstripe didn't want her to tell anyone so he fe
suspect in fatal shooting arrested after shootout with police
i will be having a chat with cbc radio on the topic of opioid abuse at 10am tomorrow for anyone interested
lotor can and must become some knockoff zuko even if i have to break into dreamworks and write it into the script myself
after historic world series  cubs no longer can merit exclamation points
new harvest salad!!! local strawberries  fuzzy almonds  shaved fennel  burrata
really sorry sarah  i've logged your eerience with our colleague with the relevant team  corey
thank you bridge church for the delicious coffee! it sure brightens my day!
flight baw27 is &lt;20'000ft above me going from london to hong kong track
president trump bannon being removed  nunes leaving makes u look weak  looks like ur being blackmailed  nwo controlling u
love it! we need to get that girl down to class asap! thanks for coming down last night  we hope you had fun!
in just we will be hosting ! get excited and bring everyone you know! a
funny confession ecard i want to like your facebook status  but your spelling is horrible and i don
it does not actually  in reality it means we pay about to % more interest on debt
why is there a horse raising mini game on my tumblr and how do i opt out i don't think i have the determination to keep decision alive
korean internet giant naver unveiled self-driving car at seoul motor show last week
trump said he'd stop dragging us into war  that's yet another fat lie | medea benjamin
jim ross one man show today in orlando cornette and prichard to appe elite   free
you may try to assert your authority by reclaiming your power     more for virgo
no  gibraltar has no right to self-determination because the treaty of utrech says that as soon as bri
due diligence looks solid  this could be a mover  $tlfx $tlif $tlkgy $tlpfy $tlph
partly cloudy today! with a high of c and a low of c  - - - - april   at 00am
no! be afraid  be very afraiddem steal  kill  ill  and na chill hurricane da com  blow all dem rosses away fi goo
fact unlike self-pity  weakness  or laziness  depression is a medical condition for which appropriate measure ought to be taken
lebron passes shaq for th on all-time scoring list | march
awe thanx   you will be getting excited as time moves on to this evening  ooohhhh have a great opening night will  lv xxx
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
i hate feeling like a tourist when i come to maybe now it's time for me to move back!
bugzy opm - fuck boy [music video] | link up tv via
full show   plan to overthrow trump leaked / democrats caught working for russia/china   /29/2017
dear everyone in the high school  walk on the right side of the hallway  if you walk on the left side of the hallway you are scum
today's bible verse as god's chosen ones  holy and beloved  clothe yourselves with compassion  kindness
gshit though i can't stand a nigga who can't be a father to his kid but was more then likely begging u to have it
oh katelyn      you are a special kind of stupid  aren't ya?
happy monday all wish u all have a bless full day -believe me not me made this -
just over minutes to go until some more quiz questions! !
found a transponder snail!giants  sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
days after start of transformation th september lbs % bodyfat
aw thankyou lewis for giving me your illness whilst your getting better and i'm getting worse
one person followed me and people unfollowed me // automatically checked by
himachal pradesh government introduces bill to ensure safety of doctors - newsx
i entered to win a $248 organic skin care set  don t miss your chance to win too!
liked on youtube csgo economy guide - common mistakes april   at 24pm
thanks to &amp;   i get to enjoy an afternoon with hitchcock's  north by northwest  on the big screen
i know you'd guys are watching bkchat but after you're done and you've had a break
is here! we have belle in the crowd and some other princesses!
life is hard as it is  the least you can do is fill your heart with love for yourself and for everything you are
my man donny t is definitely the guy to craft a thoughtful post-war infrastructure plan to rebuild syrian society
contemplate life  thinking about what i should've said instead of what i actually said  imagine playing another bas
had to dig deep but still in their just got to keep fighting and getting the results
fine whatever
what kind of a monster is putin  has he seen the images of children gasping for breath after the ch
this was at feet last summer and i can't wait to what is up there once all the snow melts
bitch i'm screaming joon looks so good with dark hair  i was waiting for dis kind of comeback   all we need after i
i thought yesterday was rock bottom  nope     today said hold my beer  i got you beat
start with the koran  hadith  and sharia then add a large dose of assumed s
i have a rising follower graph! more follower in the past day  get your stats right here
damn last day here in mississippi  had a good time visiting my momma   will b back down soon he'll maybe even move down dis bih frfr
students with learning disabilities offer both educators and parents invaluable opportunities to grow
syria conflict west should have listened to russia  says un special envoy
i was the anonymous donator but no idea why it didn't put my name! smash it man!
but they're things grown organically  that wouldn't just spring up on their own  obviously a restora
read what historian said about it  hitler a zionist? oh  puh-lease!
china sets rules on beards  veils to combat extremism in xinjiang
absolutely trumbull/libs curb unions and blue collars while enriching huge mncs and their powerful lobby
i can't design so have a shitty screencap of a design website  but honestly i think  see you last week
this is asking the wrong question the log roll is to find external posterior injuries  not to stick a finger up so
+ rec open 30-1000 pm come see us at ne nd ave  portland  or
you've already enrolled in the offer  if this is an error  please contact
hell nou don't know nothing bout no cougars    them not cougars them just freaks trust me i went to school wit dem hos
spurs playing really well  conte and his boys are in a race now    let's see how they respond at bournemouth
by the grace of allah  ayaz jamali has been recovered safe and sound  we await his return home

south states gt less bt north enjoys luxury frm our taxes  is it related gst taxa or other jus know what these numbers r
niftynudeguys damn dude  your boyfriend can do it all  this is the only way i ll top
sweet with sauce - savory tooth
my room isco2 ppm pressure 5hpa temperature 7 c humidity 0% luminosity lux /04/02-060227
people not understanding basic design principles pisses me off even tho it shouldn't and it's not my prerogative i'm sorry
if you want hype on this monday  head over to 's channel on beam  the sub hype train is going strong!
doesn't want to draw attention  uses most community social services snap  schip
build isa_12 01_ci_20170401 1 succeeded for building solutions in minutes
you love the idea of running around today  whether you're doin    more for aquarius
i love the eugenics sign on the right  perhaps that should have already happened with these kids
the ttd sig team would like to invite members of tesol arabia to join the ttd sig team for the positions of the
donald trump ridicules  horrible  susan rice interview with andrea mitchell via
you can upload something like  000 songs to google music  doesn't cost you a penny to listen
trump ally alex jones threatens to  beat  rep  adam schiff s  goddamn ass  in anti-gay tirade
at first i bought kylies products bc i liked the colors but bruh  i can't stand having that flakey crusty ass product on my lips
cancer-linked chemicals build up in 'every organ' in mice  uab researchers find
as provocative as chuck palahniuk or irvine welsh? decide for yourself  for free
false  anyone who does anything ro make you think the truth is the wrong choice is teaching you poorl
first you heal  then you get excited for new love  then you heal  then you get excited for new love  then you heal  then you get excited for
knightmayor this week's the rise of mooncrest blog is on the continuing demo beta testinghttp//knightmayorllc tu
my hope is that the travel industry losses will finally get high enough to stop this shit
adrianne ho wearing supreme x champion hooded sweatshirt
shanghai really has changed a lot from when i last lived there  i still find it odd that pu-shi is now the modern district
jordan  i'm one proud duck fan  -6 you and the team had an incredible year  i'm stoked for next season
lmao y am i not surprised same old bs n btw i actually don't sleep much but thank you don't flatte
it's time to take corrective measures to stop pocso misuse &amp; save country from calamity
/2 reminds us ark's statement to the it -  nsel used to direct stock figure to be manipulated
i had someone tell me he didn't see why ppl didn't use aca instead of ocare
hi there! soundcloud track plays are now up again at
what are excuses use for not their ?
if it weren't for social media  these bizarre posts wouldn't seen the light of dayundefined via
hey dreyfuss  let potus go! (she might be closest we ever get to a woman president!)
i was a fashion icon  ahead of my time  (my mother is an artist i had no hope of being normal )
according to my girlfriend  i am very sweet and funny  so ues  i am the best boyfriend ever
seriously have fired at least shots and i don't like being outside when guns are being fired sorry
great to see all parties at meeting in stroud to discuss options for investment in homes to rent to reduce local im
happy th birthday peter cundall  irrepressible peace &amp; environmental activist    by
this chilean high school teacher s legendary homework turn  cien a os de soledad  into memes via
planted in rotation with winter wheat &amp; occasionally potatoes  spring onions &amp; rarely linseed  purple flowers really lovely
issuing correction on a previous post of mine  regarding the terror group isil  you do not  under any circ
feedingjoy avanishkumarp16 -  the secret of change is to focus all of your energy  not on fighting the old  but on building
and  free speech  is a red herring in the discussion about tw's  cause no one is being fined or imprison
public administration in italy is often a train wreck! that might be the real problem
smoke visible from structure fire north of // (photo via )
was at charity event today &amp; so much work to catch up on  think i'm ! hahaha
i care about you  i care about how my actions impact you  because  i love you  regina
asia s most misunderstood city? under the chaos is a place of surprising calm and order
the only reason why i screenshot  instead of quoting  was coz they would accuse me of sabotaging their poll
my s8 feet survived wearing my neighbor's s7 heels all day  hassle  feels like they stopped the growth of my toenails
i know two who voted trump  thinking hillary would win  just because they didn't want he
if you call that a famous moment then you need a real famous moment to know how it feels
get ready for - entertainment news on x brought to you by
congratulations to the winner of our trezor contest  login to to find out if it was you!
spending will also increase farm growth which will be sustainable as both core and non core income will grow a win win for all
courage is the discovery that you may not win  and trying when you know you can lose  - tom krause
and then ya momma is going to come in and say you look like bananas in pajamas bc she's old school
i liked a video do authorities now have what they need on trump? | the resistance with keith
i sure hope so  scott  i want my country back on an even keel sooner than later
listen to don't run - darealzo x mtp x monsta x sammy2x by sammy2x on
more like too busy laying in bed forcing ionna to watch facebook videos with me
dover  nj  hiring manager is reviewing applications right now for environmental services technician  full time
former chief of staff syrian chemical weapon narrative could be an israeli false flag
follow your heart  take a chance  and dare to dream!   in theaters nationwide april !
after listening to the broadway soundtrack  i really love the idea of a mary poppins au with star as mary poppins and marco as bert??
throw back thursday!! before and after rooms      old fashioned twin room now transformed to a
so annoyed with for blocking my ip  i won't buy any tickets unless i don't find what i want  why do you have the captha then?
only time i've done an april fool i was   i spent a morning telling people that no  i wasn't with my crushes in a suite at the landmark
congratulates dean larson fromsnell &amp; wilmer llp for winning the last sonos wireless speaker
fox news just reported that the sun was shining  hope i have an umbrella
i see an ethnocentric civil war in afghanistan once isis is neutralized
some helpful considerations on major details of mortgage broker
raw after mania use to be my favorite thing  i'm already itching to turn  i didn't watch mania and i'm meh about this show mins in
duh ya think! swedes need to revolt against the diversity worshippers  sweden is for th
sex sells and sexy girls are needed to boost the rating of a programme or product  that is what shared by a marketing officer to me
trump s trust is a sham  he can withdraw money from it anytime without disclosure  why we need to see his tax returns  esp  next year
you're still riding on the incoming waves of positive energy      more for cancer
i don't get a single cent from ticketsales or concessions either  i'm not paying $10 for snack nachos  see ya next
two nyc-based artists designed minimalist sneakers their secret is lots of stitching
should never assume mental illness coz someone thinks differently to you  because  let's face it  most people do  on just about everything

i'm not sure that's too fair  i'm not a special kind of  girl  or somehow better  remember that women
drivers with more than yrs full-time cup can do   no dash4cash and none in final eight
we ve got thousands of moms just like you chatting in our app right about now  join us!
the fast metabolism diet eat more food and lose more weight
why is romo getting so much press? nothing to see here  he's retiring and diung tv  so what  a smidge better than avg qb
my livestream will be delayed for next thursday since i got like mixes in total that i have to record  so be patient peeps
ian wright and danny murphy defend chelsea's diego costa over vincent kompany kick allegations
do you own a ? they make some of the best !
i took a proctored test at iupui i went to iu and purdu
she was right fit too brev really filled in them yogas and that  birdy ha
portland public schools proposed budget would axe teachers  central administrators
cooper cronk is all class  'media training' should just be watching this press conference once a week
when we take care of our own  we all are happier mark rossi - rhett cady - vincent zullo
when the orchids were transplanted into hydrotone they needed significantly more water
today s burger special at -melted feta  bacon  lettuce &amp; pickled red onions on a brioche bun!
it was in the original set last night    but they didn't play it    anyway the belfort is my fav thing ever
michael flynn is working on a deal to answer questions from fbi  and the house and senate intelligence committees
nasa  daflorenceevans actually  that's a picture of the sarychev volcano erupting in
thank you for your support  you mean so much to our program  forever family
when is reneigh coming back from newzealand so we can go to earls&ampiscuss my mental health that she's concerned about after seeing my tweets
mt  i'll vote to confirm judge gorsuch to be ninth justice on supreme court
how would you like it if todd called you the orange man  don the con  dizzy donald  banno
medical charity msf says treated patients for nerve agents after syria attack via
stamp fdc maxicard of estonia - - wild animals in estonia
good  i was just spiraling  convincing myself that you weren't   he says quickly  elaining his odd behavior
- i wanna be down [the human rhythm hip hop remix
i-85 fire suspect indicted on multiple charges - wsb atlanta wsb atlanta i-85 fire suspect indicted on
the flash and green lantern corps will come  the bat family are one of the rar
i know aaj bhi mujhe aapka reply nhi milega but im happy to being a part of your
here's what you need to know about the new campaign in irish colleges - great write up !
men's breakfast next saturday april th at 00 ambrother gio - martin giovanni quijano  will be sharing his
i'll make sure to re-enact a lab door opening just for you senpai if i ever see you in the hall
yes  but it's been that long since i watch regularly that i still haven't seen it and that means it hasn'
charged after high-range drink driving twice in one night  -
blind faith  a story which continues to inspire us  thanks for a wonderful article bloodhorse !!
david bowie died an artist's death  creating up to the end  fearless artistic integrity
obama employed muslim brotherhood !! did complain about that? obama looked away while iran execute people
men who use their cell phones very often are more likely to have a hard time sleeping at night and may eerience symptoms of depression
thinking of refusing to take solo meetings with my boss to protect my marriage  and also her marriage  and also so she can't criticize me
biz2credit &amp; columbia business school to host frontiers of digital finance conference in new york city
the hardest thing in the world is to see someone you love be in pain &amp; know you can't do anything to help
every prez b4 obama was white do u think evry vota didn't think he looks like a trustworthy fella
orthodox torah judaism is the fastest growing religion in africa  former christians  former muslims and messianic a
thinking about your place in the outer world is more of a ment    more for libra
$sing is acquiring interest in a company that developed the first oil filling machine for vape pens
news activision blizzard wants to make a cinematic universe for call of duty that resembles marvel s universe
i hate that emoji  it's been used so much that it literally shows no emotion anymore
i'm a leo  i need to get married at some point cause i need to have a party that is totally and completely about me
and those parents are raising snowflake children with helicopter parent's  lord help us all
oli-i care so much you and i hope you are doing okay   you are such an amazing person ily    pls post some more art soon
you're not necessarily the most vocal one in your group  but y    more for virgo
sideway seagulls  cute bunnies and a shooting star  from a beautiful day in nz during our /15 worl
) my first proper mutual i think - too nice - super talented - will % have your back - i'm so lucky to be mutuals - ily
also  it'll be a regular reminder that i can be wrong  i said cdn't be -sided because you can't make reuleaux polygon w/ even nr of sides
i read tht and initially thought the word was 'important'  impotent is indeed right  they are the root of many of our problems
one of the biggest challenges we can face in life is forgiveness
from the observer's handbookaturday  april (actually just past the th - if you haven't already looked
i'm watching some crazy old guy called and you can check him out on at via
overlooking skomer in pembrokeshire  scenery is fabulous &amp; yes  was bracing
it's a network with too many unscrupulous people who have caused much damage at many levels  too ba
although you might already have big plans for the weekend  mor    more for capricorn
hi i'm going to vegas in weeks  i might never come back hah hahaha ha wink wink  and then don't
we need to rise above divisive politics and work together to solve common problems
i can't handle this life anymore i'm going to become a mets fan (cue faith saying her people don't want me)
planners and local government storytellers! get inspired by this story map cascade by
top uk sales chart - mass effect andromeda is still no 1 - gamespot top uk sales chart - mass e
cities and the energy belt are the most productive economic regions in america  implications for the country?
we'll be presenting  unprecedented the election that changed everything  in dc  april th  join us for a live q&amp;a
and the lower croton (below new croton dam) becomes a tidal lagoon changing complexion every six hours
you just alittle more love from the people here is in the uk  giggs is better than that line to me though  the vers
buying this spring? be prepared for bidding wars - traditionally  spring is the busiest season for real estate
if you mean do people play it  then yes  this weekend is the seattle reginals and ill be attending  ther
spring came early this year  but our guys were ready
receiving a $10 000 windfall that won't cover our debts  can you help me figure out the best thing to do with this money? -
readersgazette rt rgbookworld read all about it promote your for free at
the show must go on! on a snowday - the teachers become msgreen's tech crew for tartantheatre
yet another example of ineptitude  at least in this case i subscribe to the cock up theory  not conspi
it is and i booked it immediately so i could travel with my husband  contacted customer support with no avail
wow so that girl who met jungkook and jimin said that she's '3 and jimin was almost her height  um i-
all responsible journalists &amp; pundits at resign  zucker making fools of you
russian warships enroute toward us destroyers is true news  or fake news? i think we'll soon find out  nobody is acknowledging the report
i keep in touch and we all see each other  it s great  everyone s having fun doing their own thing   - harry on one direction
puppet sourlemon is so fun to laugh at  bought &amp; paid for
ifyoufollowback siguemeytesigo follow to  10
changing his tune? dem rep schiff nothing definitive on trump-russia collusion - breitbart
rcb captain kohli  who is nursing an injured right shoulder  will have his recovery reassessed in second week of april
better to get it done right than do it fast  we've been stuck with flaws for years b/c dems were in a hurry
you're a star that fell out of the glittering sky to brighten up our lives  mind following &amp; me?    462
it's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate    more for pisces
pulse insurance launches simple life cover for those with hiv to see this area of the market being covered
for a birthday  sometimes friends like to team up for a table then you end up getting more bottles as a group
moving is stressful here are genius hacks to make your move less crazy! tiny but huge time savers!
when you commit  orally or in writing  to an idea or goal  you are more likely to honor that commitment-r  cialdini
on race and criminal sentencing  prosecutors escape blame mt
no  the exact opposite  frank  i'm done with the conversation
careful now  that's a slippery slope to admitting jesus is real and answers prayers
i'd respect him if he got hit once and just walked away but she full blown attacked/ harassed him  fuck that bitch
let's hope they rot in hell  yeah  that's how the trumpocalypse makes me feel
when you want to give a 'religious' advice to your fellow brother/sister be nice about it! there's a way to convey it without being rude
i'm a god and can fuck you up so shut your mouth basically i wish i could spit in your face for that  goodnight ordinary
scripture(s) acts 8; lk 1-2 (gnt) introduction wrong perception about evangelism ministry evangelism is
oh well then  thats different! /sdont do us any favors
ok so i wasn't buggin yesterday! i was so confused about why suddenly brian williams cut into rachel maddow's time! smh
beautiful pain by is helping me loads right now  my grandpa passed away today and so i'm losing myself in this song
ofc tsjf is on hiatus during my break aka the only time i can actually stay up to watch the show and not be tired
excellent article as always marcos! please write and educate people on bridge act senate bill s 128 s
i remember how much you used to be a biggie fan this nigga was serious about biggie
osaze odemwingie joins indonesia s madura united via todayng
is a month old husky x labrador  missing since /03/17 from birmingham  b9  now presumed stolen
android update makes google s pixel c look more like its pixel smartphones
with about mins left of   + are battling for the lead  stay tuned for re
oooh i've not seen this game before!! looks fab thank you for the opportunity to win
sige girl drink your coffee na  i'm just had my third!! intense day!! lol!!
the plight of my college bist bhopal  just frog came out from water cooler  you all should have to see this
bastian schweinsteiger chicago fire midfielder asked if club can win world cup
how do you define  bailout ? the key factor in plan soundness is interest rates  which are slowly moving up  agree?
although you often excel at choosing a destination and stickin    more for capricorn
an assault on precedent is an assault on democracy  republicans would rather let partisanship reign than have a wor
international sales engineer - redhill  surrey - solutions recruitment
seriously mind blowing how many innocuous products contain milk and gluten   feeling a little frustrated
tb to when i was the only one who crowed surfed to this song it was lit tho
your thoughts on the building of the 'monster' universe off the back of godzilla &amp; skull island
when you get an opportunity to do what you love on the word network which is the largest african american
and our final mystery parent reader in st grade   mr bucco! thanks to all our guest readers!!
we love that story  thank you for sharing &amp; hope joan plays your song at the ceremony
clinical impact of hybrid capture based next-generation sequencing on changes in treatment decisions in
just as the body is dead without it's spirit  so faith without deeds is also dead james 26 most of the time
this picture makes me super happy in a size at long last rocking the summer look so
/ the ja constitution should also be revised to provide for the removal of senators at will  whether govt  opp or independently appointed
jewellery belonging to the duchess of windsor was auctioned today in in geneva  raising  31m for medical resea
oh i know that we can always live in a dream world be funny if we did cause at times we have been dreadful this year
abhishek khare founder president twins club of bhopal first twins club of india (limka book of re
apparently they sill hav to serve their notice period  some they wil be parli on the th!!
the kids just did a picture of me &amp; for those of you that remember i look reminiscent of
this is absolutely fantastic  great photography and great marketing concept
new wmd gaffe rice ripped for claiming syria chem weapons gone
i get like a day and they end up not liking or retweeting anything of mine  don't get your hopes up
thank you so much for today lewis  you brightened up my day come back again soon x
tues  stat lineschool record scholar-athletes recognized &amp; b1g medal of honor finalists announced
help a child out in peru! even a five dollar donation can help change his life
my marketing philosophy focuses on things community and education
h  alken - late th century lithograph  going to cover
congratulations and good luck! i sincerely enjoyed everything you and the digital team put together over the years
first audiobooks are fantastic - great narrator  kindle whispersync is perfect  audio for -5 is different and sucks
you don't even fucking know me  since we've known each other you've always fo
an active lifestyle begins earlier than you realize  keep your kids active with these tips
the attack cannot be called racist before probe is completed; we are committed to african students' safety
if he a dwarf then y'all don't wanna see a picture of me next to him bc he damn near inches taller than me
i think both t8 and freedom have the right attitudes  i eect to see this benefit freedom in phase
chicken abobo         (fall out boy live in manila ) and this iconic chicken abobo vid i took
do you ever wanna run away? do you lock yourself in your room with the radio on turned up so loud that no one hears you're screaming?
most of the people at my traffic school are old and have to ask the instructor to repeat everything because they can't hear
captain america chris evans reveals  robert downey jr may quit iron man sooner than you eect
we re all in for autism awareness   are you? show your support and get your own pair of autism awareness socks
fc barcelona celebration fifa club world cup final (barcelona vs river plate -0) /12/2015 hd
hiii   thank you for all that you do  you bring so much happiness into my life  hope you're well  mind following me?
happy birthday beautiful   i pray god grants all your heart desires b   god's blessings dear i still owe you puff puff
their fingers are so beautiful  pls include taehyung's fingers as well
the name calling rule isnt bad   but quite unrealistic dor twitter  drew is all right
what's your favorite girlfriend you had in any school year?? plz answer my question
'bigger hand' protecting galamsey operators - minerals commission pro
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island   and my score was
'sheriff' joe loses his attorney weeks ahead of criminal contempt trial - the ring of fire network
very susan  that's exactly what my garden is to me  cathartic &amp; therapeutic  have a lovely day x
dodgers-angels freeway series starts in anaheim tonight
eu weekend r r u sun th apr rotterdam half (ned)  brighton marathon (uk)  fohr marathon (ger)  istrian marathon (slo)
rep lieu might have launched this remark to distract his constituents from suspected possible collusion with the v
no need to cry for me - i'm good  you voted for the orange snowflake who loves ignorant people  he'd be thrilled by you
they took a side road now return to do incredibly cruel demolition suits israel to a t!
the heat is massive but it's just for wwe  if people really hated him they would be quiet whenever he appears
after rbi here comes the meek surrender of eci  the credibility of important  impartial institutions falling one by one
japanese clothing manufacturer threatens to close all stores if trump forces them to manufacture in u s -will trum
